We're going into Alabama today and the listening party is back, right here, Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Hey, it is Super Producer Lisa Ian. You know what time it is right now. That's right, it's time for Raw Fusion with the one and only wonderful host, my man, King B's. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B right here. You know how it goes down and this is King B's Raw Fusion now. It's back. It's back, y'all. You know how you do it. It's the listening party. Why have I heard from you? No one listens to your shit. Yes, sir. Listen to me. I'm listening. Party. And today we have a friend of mine, recent but kind of not. You know what I mean? We are a part of a group on Clubhouse. It's called The Mendable. Well, that's really not the name of the house, but The Mendable app, Mendable, it's a whole thing around that. Check out the Mendable app. Look for it. Just look for it, damn it. But this guy, we have a mental health space that we do, Mondays and Thursdays on Clubhouse. So we've been in that same group, we're both moderators in that same group. And one day, Sophia, who curates the space, was talking about this guy's music. And there was a little low in the action, I guess. And so she put him on the spot, which he usually does all the damn time to everyone. And asked him to play some of his music. And at that point, I didn't know what the hell he did. Well, I found out and music was dope, like, bro, gotta come on the show. That's what it is. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Raw Fusion and the listening party. Pap, Starr, what's up, brother? How you feeling? What's going on, Ken B. It's definitely a blessing to be here. And I'm feeling great, feeling good, man. It's been a good day, you know, so far, and I know it's just gonna get better. So I'm blessed to be here, man. It's got to, you're on Raw Fusion. So of course it's gonna be dope. Yeah, don't get better. Don't get better. Don't get better. All right, man, so listen, we've got some of your music, and this is what we do here. First of all, where are you from? Well, I'm from Mobile, Alabama. As if you look at the bottom of the map, that's where you'll find this Mobile, Alabama. Mobile. Some people would consider that the country, but, you know, to us, Mobile would be, you know, the city, the city part. No, no, that's country. That's country. I mean, we call that the city, man. You know. Mostly because here's the country, but it's the home of Mardi Gras, where your home of Mardi Gras, not New Orleans, you know, they told you that, they lied to you. Mardi Gras came from Mobile, New Orleans, you know. Adapting to afterwards, but, you know, I'm proud of my city. I'll just say this. I know my slang, the way I talk, you can tell I'm from Alabama. You can just hear it in my voice. You from the country somewhere. It's all good, though. It's all good. I mean, we like people from all over here, and this goes all over the world. So now if I start talking with country swang, it's all good, you know, but that's probably more Texas. That sounds more Texas. I don't know. But yeah, it's all good. Let's get into it, man. And let's check out the song that's actually playing now on streaming platforms. They can get this on Spotify, I suppose, and wherever else. You're right. Everywhere on all streaming platforms, Spotify, iTunes, whatever you like to stream with is on it. Let's check it out right now. It's Hearts, Pendeas, right here. Papstar, Raw Fusion. Let's go. I'm gonna take it slow. I'm really like Russia. Ice cold, I'm to the touch, on the way. Ice cold, we indestructible. I just got back from Atlanta. I struck a deal with them days to bring. You really know the stamina. I can go round for round for real. You can turn off all them cameras. I don't really like folk calling my business. I got this double cane in my veins. I don't really care nothing about your feelings. I gotta make a decision. Different things and percentages. Make sure that you know the difference. Bring your real friends and the ones trying to benefit. And let her call me by my government name. Papstar, I see my name on the stage. I just want the money, I don't need fame. CBLI, and that's on the game. I'm cold to the touch. Gotta get high, gotta roll up the dust. Heart throes, I don't feel nothing. I'm gonna take it slow, I'm really like Russia. Ice cold, I'm to the touch, on the way. Never fall, we indestructible. I can see the play before it develops. She had to keep it tight like she sell it to me. She ain't diligent, she got a little set in life, but that's what I like. I remember looking you in the eye, saying that it's gonna be all right. I remember you look me in the eyes, and said you were gonna leave my life. That's the pain that don't go away. Far spot on it, it's not made far. She just jumps right on it. I want it all, get cut no corners. If money's involved, you know that I want it. And they just on the cloud, keep my rooms watered. When the ops come, I ain't even bothered. I'm cold to the touch. Gotta get high, gotta roll up the dust. Heart throes, I don't feel nothing. I'm gonna take it slow, I don't really like rushing. Ice cream to the touch, never fall, we indestructible. Closing Hearts, Pandias, Papstar. It's dope. What's the inspiration for the song? I wrote it right after getting a clothing deal with the upcoming clothing line, Pandias. And I was just inspired after leaving Atlanta, catching my first like clothing deal. I was just feeling good. And also I was just coming out of just a divorce as well. I guess when the beat came, I created the beat. And when I made the beat, I just wanted to talk about just what had happened. So I talk about how my heart is frozen, pretty much toward relationships. But also I was kind of celebrating that I just made a deal in Atlanta. Through that adversity and through all that, I was still able to make a deal in Atlanta with the clothing deal. And just even it's a deeper story behind that. When I used to perform, I didn't have all the nice clothes and just things I was seeing other people performing in. I didn't have that type of gear. And I just told myself that I was going to land a deal like based on my talent and that somebody was going to just see me, see my talent. And be like, you know what? I want you to represent my brand. And I was able to do that just to be able to manifest that. That's pretty much the inspiration of the song. It's dope, man. Just dope. We got more of Papstar right after these messages. It's King B's while fusing the listening party. Let's go. Let's get it. I am alone as I stand to my feet. Heart pumps not once, but twice within the same beat. I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky club to get on some funky dance floor to dance with some funky man. Give me one good reason why we shouldn't enjoy it. It can ruin our friendship. It doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with this. That has everything to do with this. Hey, hey, hey. The lines have been drawn. The question is, in the end, should I or should I not get intimate? I'm going to say you. I already said it. Nowhere I'm going to say it. Watch King B's' Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the U.S., then watch King B's' Intimate Friends for free on Plex. What's up, everybody? It's King B's. And I want to tell you about my website, kingbeworldwide.com. That's king, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff, including links to my book, the movies, and even the podcast there as well. It's kingbeworldwide.com. See you there. Raw Fusions. We're back. It's King B's' Raw Fusion. We are in the listening party right now, all the way from Alabama. This is the Alabama show today. So we got Pap Star in here. And it's crazy right now. All right, man. So we got some exclusive shit. This will be the first time them ever being played. So yeah, you got the exclusives on them. They will be out soon. So you'll be able to check it out and download it and play it and put it in your playlist and all that good stuff real soon. But right now, it's only here on Raw Fusion. So quick flip is Pap Star. It's Raw Fusion. She wanna get married, but I'ma need at least a million in cash I'ma command you and catch up the momentum when I'm on the move and to discreet I can't lose, I can't be beat, if I have to bleak it ain't no treat I traded my diamonds for crystals, they call me a doll as I hear them Chewing those thrones, they call me a grandma I beat a bird woman, I'm back to business My wrist and neck is covered in citrus, she got a fool and I'ma go swimming I'ma go swimming, I need me and flirt with the quicker I might have to whip in the kitchen, I might have to hit me a leg Ain't nothing I hear that you miss Cain broke love rich, rats are riches Cain broke love rich, I don't trust nothing you takeims I need to cash, cash, cash, cash, cash I need to cash, cash, cash, cash I need to cash, cash, cash, cash I need to cash, cash, cash, cash I need to cash, cash, cash Grab the stash, it's your baby mama house, stay here de cash Pee at the gate, I'ma open my eyes and I see dollar signs Don't hit my line unless you speakin' about the dollar signs It's 3 a.m. and I like to think about this dollar sign She won't hear you hear, but when she with me she gon' swallow mine It's the reason I walk with her love, and the reason I'm makin' the time Head on a slip, I'm watchin' my six, I don't wanna see you here with the Swiss I got young ladies and they don't miss, trippin' being read out on your fit I got young ladies and they don't miss, trippin' being read out on your fit It's the cash, the cash, the cash, the cash I need the cash, the cash, the cash, and I need it fast Flip the stash at your baby mama house, stay here for the cash Let's get that bread, let's get that money Yes sir Let's get that quick flip, it's right here, listening party Tell us about this one, man Oh, quick flip is pretty much my money affirmation song, my money mantra Anytime I'm playing this song, I literally manifest opportunities And I remember when I created this beat and created the song I was just in the mindset of manifesting my millions And just picture myself having the things that I know that I need For me, for my family And so it's just kind of like one of the money songs You put it on and it just makes you want to get to work Make you want to get on your grind So now, like I said, we met through the Mindable Club They moved everything to houses now So I don't even know It was the mental health something of the club And then now it's, I'm there, we're there Mondays and Thursdays Why for you is mental health so important? Mental health is important to me because I've experienced some trauma in my life That caused me to pretty much lack of better words Have a mental breakdown as a man 2019, I had a divorce with my ex-wife It was a pretty bad divorce We had been married for 11 years, had been with her for 17 years So essentially this was my high school sweetheart Had been with her since I was 16 years old So it was a very devastating divorce with me And then in the same year, my youngest daughter passed away And I think when my youngest daughter passed away, that was pretty much like My tipping point, she was 11 months old And it just, man, it just being having to be in a spot like that And having to use things like self-development and self-affirmations And things like that that kind of helped me, it just got me more interested in mental health I knew if, you know, if I was going through something like this That maybe somebody else was or You know, it just made me more cognizant, you know That, you know, there are people here on this earth that are really going through some very traumatic things And still are expected to go to work, you know what I mean? And, you know, because even though I had all those things going on I still had five kids that were still here on this earth that were living And that were relying on me to provide for them And I still had to go to work and just still do life And so I think that having that, you know, that's kind of draw me to mental health I met Sophia May on Clubhouse Actually, both of us were, we were doing or involved into a music review room I just remember her, she just kept telling me You know, I just feel like a stronger calling than something else And I was like, well, Sophia, you know, I feel like that you and I have, you know, pretty good chemistry As far as we understand, like how to work this clubhouse thing I personally really want to kind of focus more on the music because that's what my career was But like something within me was telling me, like Listen to her and help her with mental, like help her in the room You know, because she didn't want to do it by herself and I said, okay, let's do it So we open the room up and she was a mental health nurse Me not really having any mental health experience Now I'm a certified life coach, but at the time I had no type of experience Other than my previous experience, like being in church and things like that back when I used to be in ministry I, you know, I just was kind of nervous about it, but it just really hit Like it really hit And then the Mindable app website came where You can go to Mindable app and be a beta tester for the app for men's mental health And I just started seeing the vision come come to place and and just knowing that now that there's an app in development Just for men a safe place Well, we could come and just get what we need, you know, and not feel like, you know, less than men I'll just say it like that, you know It just it was just an amazing experience So it's been an amazing journey so far and I have to tell everyone that that join me Or that that are in the clubhouse rooms I have to let them know that hey, I'm just like you guys, you know Because they look at me as a moderator and they feel like, you know, I guess because, you know Me and Sophia the moderators like like we got all the answers, but we're actually growing and learning just like Everyone in there. It's just amazing that we all can do it together and sharpen each other Yeah, you know, you obviously has been have been there longer than I have I'm doing the mental movie Well, we're still fundraising for that So you guys can go ahead and leave a donation to the mental mental the movie It's going to be a dynamic film about mental health But that's what drew me to the room and I had been there for a while And then uh, Sophia asked me to become a moderator So you obviously know more about the group than I do Uh, especially in the beginnings of starting and we're going to have Sophia on this show Sophia if you're listening No, she's already agreed. We just got a schedule and put her on But uh, she's an artist as well or at least used to be well, she still is Yeah, she she still does it on You know spare time we're actually working on a couple of yeah a couple of joints that just just some things that she can do on her She she more likes to do it as a hobby instead of like I got to do music I got you know, I got to be in music. She just does it for fun, you know Because people don't understand we are artists, but we have lives and we have other interests and we have other things going on We still do we still do live our life while you're still playing Whatever we've done with the B movies me and music you play the song over and over again While you're playing the song someone's living their life somewhere Uh while you're watching the movie. I'm truly doing other things So which is great. We appreciate you for doing that But you know life goes on and we have other interests and so, uh, that's important to say as well So we're going to get Sophia on the show and we're going to talk more about that as well But I appreciate you for helping to bring that to fruition It's a very important room and not just because there's a lot of people there in the room but it gives people an opportunity to Find one an outlet For things that they may be going through especially men because you know, we historically have a problem with communicating sometimes And finding safe spaces in which we can't communicate and uh, just frankly be ourselves outside of maybe the barbershop That's kind of our You know, that's kind of our thing the barbershop and trust me It's not always great advice at the barbershop. I'm just saying What but it's a different type of space in which people can be themselves And the beauty about it. It's on clubhouse. You're not on camera or Feeling any type of way about people eyes looking on you per se And uh, there's been some dynamic things that's come from that room So I appreciate you guys for starting it when she asked me to become a moderator I was like, yeah cool like Immediately so it's a great thing you guys are doing. Appreciate you guys for doing it We're gonna take a break and we're gonna be right back. It's gonna be more pap star right here This song you're gonna like but it's gonna be after these messages. This is where our fusion. Let's go By many smiles by a troubling truth So many people are suffering alone Simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness Grow to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender It's time. We take the bull by the horns. It's time. We remove the stigma and embrace acceptance To release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need It could be your relative your friend your loved one It could be you and you don't even know it It's time to help those in need But help starts with you with an acclaimed bar cash television and independent filmmaker at the helm We are creating a documentary This documentary will identify the signs Explore the possibilities Help remove the stigma And clear the path to mental health by donating you will help us help others From one dollar to one thousand no donations too small Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today You can donate now at gofundme.com Slash mental the moon a fusion. We're back. It is King B's. We're all fusion right here We're in the listening party. I actually like these because not only do we get to check out music And pap has been so gracious to give us and uh making world premieres of some music Right here over our fusion, but it gives you an opportunity to get an insight into the people the artists who make this music and Sometimes the reasons for making these this music like we were saying before Sometimes the different traumas or things we go through Different relationships can be the catalyst for the art that you see and that you create And I've had several different people from several different types of art forms from comedy to Filmmakers obviously to musicians on this show and it's it's it's kind of a theme People I know certainly there's a lot of me in all of my films But at most artists It comes from a real place. It comes from things that we've gone through and and it's the ability to turn something that Sometimes may be negative into a positive. How much of that do you really do? I want to say a hundred percent of my music is pretty much like I would say yeah I'm gonna say a hundred percent of my music is like that and the reason why is because uh, I really don't write um my songs and I've been blessed to be able to have my own studio equipment Aside from being a producer. I'm also my own engineer. Um mix and match my own music So when I get inspired I'm able to just go ahead and just record in a moment And rather than having to schedule a studio session and just write my lyrics and kind of wait I can um, I just kind of express myself like I guess Off the top. So anything I write it really comes from what's either currently going on or what? Currently I feel that it's about to manifest or what I want to to manifest in my own life For example, some of my best I would say love making music Lack of better words come from a time where I was actually practicing um abstinence You know, um during the time where I wasn't having six Well wanted to have six and now you got this fired love making song, you know, or I just got out of a um A relationship And so now I have these kind of heartbreaking, you know songs dealing with, you know How I don't trust females and things like that like I'm just getting that off my chest Not that that's something actual, you know, um, but you know in the moment I'm feeling deceived. So I'm gonna make a music about that about that deception I feel like that that god has really given me a gift in doing that a lot of times I listen to my lyrics and they don't even make sense to a month's down the line to me And I'm like, man, I said that, you know, I I talked about this person You're the person I was talking about, you know, I don't know why I said those things But it just came to me and I just said them. So, you know, sometimes music can be like prophecy Honestly, you know, when you get so into the writing phase is just so intuitive You can find yourself manifesting things through, you know, through your music I would even say this podcast is a manifestation. Um, I Did a song not too long ago about how I got motion going on and at the time When nobody in my line to do nothing, you know what I mean? So I just feel like that's just manifestation You know, we're creatures of manifestation I just use the music to do so Manifestation is important and it's important to realize that when you are Doing things and listening to things and watching things and consuming things, you know We can we can talk all day long about what and I'm an artist and like I I've said several times I go back and forth on some of the things that I do as an art form Being one who does gangsta more done against well done more than one gangster movie Done some other things as well Uh, you know, sometimes you you have to look at What are you eating? And because that's who you are, you know, you are what you eat You know, they they say and I never really got that You know what I mean? But then once you start to realize that because you're consuming food and It may stick on you that means you are what you eat and that in the mental sense is similar You keep consuming certain things and it starts to become who you are And even if it doesn't affect you to the utmost like listening to a serial killer song and then becoming a serial killer It can bring out more aggressive tendencies in certain people So I think that's important that we monitor and have a healthy diet that not only we Eat physically But we eat mentally let's get into this because I like this because it's healthy for me because I'm King B You know what I mean crown on my crown. So, you know, I'm gonna dig that that's like, you know You're trying to make a theme song for me, bro. Like what what's going on? But uh, we're gonna check it out crown on my crown right here in the listening party. This is pap star. Check it out Me my opponent If you think that it's a game, I ain't been posting lately. I've been out here eating getting paper I ain't been social lately. All I want to do is get this paper I've been coping lately about the fact that I ain't from this planet Seven bad rules with the granny. We stay all the free all of my goals. I'm a helmet We like coming threes me and my baby got some stamina. She like to sit on my lap I give a guilt. She call me sounding. I like the way that you're making the club. I know that you from Atlanta Yeah, great interest gotta pull up a style double law double law I got stones on my wrist. I got stones on my neck I've been flowing in spirit. I've never seen this check. This isn't as vivid. I know that I'm next I've never seen this checks. Yeah Make way for the cane. We'll let the coffee. They better be red CB and I'll be the game Crown on my crown. I am the girl ain't no debate Crown on my crown. I need a house to come with a lay. I won't go with your shawty. I don't even know her name Please approach with caution. I don't even know your name Show me my pony. You ain't even in my life. Just cut it deal with Sony. If you think that it's a game I'm making moves for real. I don't normally leave the house unless it's a look or the deal I got a backer from Tel Aviv. OG's and another pee If you see me out here chicken just know I'm balancing out the economy Yeah, I do the impossible. I'm a product of my environment. I ain't a shopper. I'm ready to fire I have the tiger. Perfect alignment. I'm on the move. I gotta go. I got two homes because I'm the gold She got the water and I got the boat. Go to New Orleans and get that show Keep on playing that the king is here. Every time I step up in the function, you can see it clear I just made something for nothing. Call me David Blaine What I've been saying on these tracks they call me Eddie Kane Yeah, yeah, yeah make way for the cane Well at the carpet it better be red. See me and I'll be the game Crown on my crown. I ain't no girl. Ain't no debate I won't go with your shawty. I don't even know her name These approach were cautioned. I don't even know your name Show me my party with you with Sony. If you think that it's a game Under my crown pap star I like that joint man. What's the what's the next deal man? We got a record coming out We I don't even know if to do records now We got no some new releases coming out. I know Yeah, absolutely. Crown on my crown is definitely going to be Um the next single um that I dropped. I'm also a producer for an artist for TV and film And so this song will be um even though I would drop it independently This will also be um pitch for licensing um to be in um different films And uh, so this one is I kind of hold that pretty much there to my heart film TV and film It's definitely been a great avenue for me in particular because I'm able to reach a broader audience You know, we're getting getting placements and so instead of not saying that artists uh shouldn't have a budget for marketing But TV and film pretty much does my marketing for me and then it's almost like they they pay me to do so So I get paid for you know, they will actually want my track So i'm getting paid for my tracks And also i'm getting in a fan base So it's kind of like win win and then I don't have to be waving my arms, you know in a um on social media all day Hey, look at me, you know posting every 10 seconds Hey, hey, hey when I had people already wanted the music and wanted to use the music, you know So yeah, definitely crown to my crown is um gonna be one of those tracks that'll be uh Also available for licensing as well quick flip, uh as well a lot of the songs that are not already out those songs will be also um Drop the singles but also able to be licensed for TV and film. You'll probably hear them But I've been placed on netflix twice. Um new balance campaign fortnight. Um all these mpb cribs Just a lot of a lot of things that a lot of shows that I've been on you could have told me years ago I never would have thought that I could Actually have my music placed on these shows So that's just a tip out there for artists to throw out there that you don't have to um Just kind of be drowning in this saturated market of just posting on On social media, but there are actually avenues to where you can actually get your music to some of these music libraries And get placed and earn some bread And and gain a fame fan base at the same time. So just a little tip out there a little nugget out there I'm sure you know about that you got films and I'm sure you understand that, you know You got to have music uh licensed music to be in those films and that you know, you know You need that you know, it's a it's a need for most definitely I actually started out of music as well And so my now creative music outlet are my films I've done probably 60 of the music that you hear and my films are done by me I I haven't I don't yeah, I don't I don't really I'm not looking for that music career anymore actually that kind of ended when I When I started doing film, but I still get that creative juice flowing when it's necessary for the film So that's enough for me right now. But yeah, you definitely there's another bag There's definitely another bag. Yeah, do that. Hey, man. I appreciate you for coming on the show, bro Absolutely, man. It was an honor super chill. Oh, man. I'm hoping we can we can link again, man Hoping to come back. Oh, yeah, man. Most definitely come back and we you know talk more about these This music is mental health and everything man. So we'll check it out But right now when you guys go and check out pap star streaming all the major platforms All right, we'll be right back with more world fusion after this Hey, it's King B and if you want to find an easy way to keep up with me, you can go to my website kingbworldwide.com. That's king the letter b Worldwide.com there you can find links to my books the movies the podcast and so much more That's kingbworldwide.com. See you there Brothers are standing to my heart pumps not once but twice within the same beat I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky club to get on some funky dance floor To dance with some funky man I never used to think about Giving one good reason why we shouldn't enjoy our friendship It doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That is what you're gonna do with them That has everything to do with this The lines have been drawn the question is in the end. Should I should I not get intimate? I'm gonna say you I already have a say nowhere. I'm gonna say Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on Tubi outside of the us Then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on plex Raw Fusion right now We have them author to the show notice person very well They have been working with me on the mental the movie project and now they have their own Book coming out. Welcome to the show Kimberly nelson ziggler. What's going on? Hey King B. How you doing? Good. How are you? I'm awesome today. It's wonderful That's wonderful. She's chilling out in alabama. All right. All right. So we've got a A new book coming out dropping on father's day, right? Yes, sir. What's the name of the book figure eight? Figure eight. Yes. Now tell us what this book is about. So figure eight means faith in god You reach eternity and it's an autobiography of my life and everything I've been through and Hopefully it's going to inspire uplift and motivate, you know young ladies That have been violated or abused It talks about just everything that has to do with you know Surviving, you know, and um, it's difficult, but guess what you got to do it You got to keep it moving So it's just really a motivational book and hopefully it will save and change somebody's life All right, so let's talk about it. What are some of the things that you have had to survive to come this far? Um, I became a caregiver at a very young age. Um, I've been a caregiver all my life. I'm now 51 Having that responsibility of being a young girl Trying to find her way Parents giving you a toolbox with nothing in it. So basically figuring out life as you went And it was a struggle because You don't know if this is the right way. You just kind of figuring out as you go So it was a struggle in that aspect, but here I am Um with a smile on my face, you know instead of a frown So uh, I'm just thankful for that and we're glad you're here I lived in dysfunction my whole life People gravitate to that, but I didn't god carried me the whole time. I didn't know it But he showed me who he was at a very young age Deformative years it affects people pretty much a lot of the times through life You even if you overcome certain things it sticks with you it stays with you a bit I'll tell you the specific story about when I was five years old My first encounter with sex with At five years old given oral sex to a stranger. It's crazy because My father was on drugs here one for 30 years. My brother's best friend was The son of where my father got his stuff from And we were down there playing And some guy was down there and I was crying because my brother always, you know, had to look after me And I was my safe place and I was crying. He was like just go home. Just go home. He's yelling at me and the guy was like You want some candy? And I was like, yeah, I'm five, you know, who don't want candy? um, so I went into The kitchen with him and my mom always told me She said you listen to adults You do what they tell you to do and don't ever sit on no man's lap I don't even care if it's your father and understood what she meant, but then I didn't understand what she meant Um, so I just kind of like okay, you know, I just went with it But he was like, well, you got to stop crying and your mom and dad said it's okay for you to um, you know Get this candy, but you got to do this first and they said it's okay So in my head, I just kept replaying over in my head while my mama said it's okay, you know Listen to adults do what they say So that's what I did. I just remember the nasty Taste in my mouth to this day, you know, I hate cigars, you know, it's a trigger for me. Um, It was very difficult, but I have forgiven him I had to so I could go on with my life and I forgave myself because At some point you feel like it's your fault and you didn't Even know any better. I didn't know anything about a vagina or a penis at five years old I was like any other five year old. I just wanted some candy So This is in my book. I talk about it. It's the first chapter And it was it's basically called when my innocence was taken from me But I'm glad that God just used me. He's been using me ever since I was a little kid and I didn't even know it And I'm glad that he used me in the way he did because It made me into the strong woman that I am now and I'm resilient And when I say I'm a resilient, I'm resilient and thank you for asking because Every time you talk about it, you got to relive it each time I talk about it. It's I'm stronger and stronger You know, I got a little butterfly in my stomach right now talking about it Just even just going back to that day in that moment and that taste in my mouth But I'm good. So thank you. We're gonna be back with more confusion The many smiles so many people are suffering alone Simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender It's time. We take the bull by the horns It's time. We remove the stigma and embrace acceptance To release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need It could be your relative your friend your loved one It could be you and you don't even know it It's time to help those in need But help starts with you with an acclaimed barcash television and independent filmmaker at the helm We are creating a documentary This documentary will identify the signs Explore the possibilities Help remove the stigma And clear the path to mental health by donating you will help us help others From one dollar to one thousand no donations too small Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today You can donate now at gofundme.com Slash mental Here's a theory and I get it right how much of the trauma is not just the trauma of what you've been through but the reaction The other people have Torch and what I mean by that is this I know I've never said this on the show When I was a kid, uh, there was a woman I was outside playing there was an older woman And she said something that I heard To the effect of oh, I'd go to jail for him or some shit like that and I Didn't understand. I'm like, well, I'm outside playing. Why are you going to go to jail? And so I had no idea what that was until I got older And I realized what she was actually meant by now nothing happened Don't even remember if she was I think she was kind of cute and my thing is this I'm wondering just out of you know theory Is it Because even for many young boys If they are and and trust me, I'm not I'm not advocating for any of this type of molestation or anything But for many young boys if they get an opportunity to be with an older woman It's it's kind of an excitement. It's a good thing Uh for them in their own mind and and they would Like it, right? So my thing is is that obviously men and women are different but Is it the actual thing that happens to you that traumatizes you as much as the reaction The people tell you or give you stating that Oh, you've been this you've been that and Is that more of a trauma than the actual act of it? What do you think the actual act of it is Innocent because you don't really you don't know that it's wrong And when it comes when it comes down to and it just keeps happening It's normal. You're numb Um, it happened so many times and so many different area codes with so many different family members and so many different Situations that I never told anyone till I was 27 years old what happened to me And now in my book I'm talking Even in more depth about what happened to me that people don't know nothing about at all So it's traumatizing in the in the sense of years later when I saw him again I had blocked it out. It was something that happened that day But I went on about my day got my candy and I never thought about it anymore But when as I got older and different things kept happening And then I saw him again when I was like a teenager It was like my brain had uploaded Documentation and all of those events came back to me Then is when it hit me you nasty Mother you know what I'm saying like that's when it hit me and he was at my son's flag uh football game Coaching and then I found out that he worked at the boys and girls club with children So then I got infuriated. So then it turned into something else for me But again, I had to forgive him and forgive myself Just on gp. I had to do it But I wanted at that point I did I wanted to hurt him at that point And when I told my father about what happened to me then when I've seen him again My father went looking for him And when he went back to that them old stomping grounds the wife of the man where he used to get his stuff from Said she's not lying because his father the guy that did it to me his father did it to her That made my dad even more mad but years later you're going back looking for someone that hurt your child I I didn't know it was something wrong like I said It took me a long time to tell my parents and tell anybody about it So yeah the initial act of it at the at the moment I don't think it's uh It hits you as hard, especially when you're that young but as a little bit older if I was maybe eight or nine Um, and it that first incident happened. I think it would have hit me different than when I was five I'm not advocating for any of this. I think that that type of that pedophilia is terrible and grown folks should know better I think we have to have a way to deal with these things We shouldn't have to deal with it at all basically, but the way that we handle people Who have been through these type of traumas should be revisited? Meaning I do believe truly That the way that you approach that situation it can cause more trauma to the person Than the actual thing that they've been through sometimes. Um, it's really about what we How we Decide to deal with certain things and issues you could be Involved in certain things like your experience, but then the flip side of it you can be withdrawn from so many things and coddled so much That you're not able to deal with the world properly and both of those things can be traumatic Events and people's lives. So I think I experienced a little bit of it myself. So you know, it's it's We have to be very careful when we're dealing with children because these things will Or can affect them negatively. I hate to say positively but in the grand scheme of things a lot of the Things that happen to people Are the reasons for them moving forward and doing things like you writing this book Which could also help other people and so you hate to say that You know, even laws get changed when people are murdered and they come up with Different things you're making a positive out of a negative, you know Foundations are formed because that and of course you hate to say that yeah, this person got murdered And this great thing came up of it. So celebrate the murder. That's not what we're saying It's you know, at least there's something positive They can come from Something that's so negative the King B, you know what at a very young age my grandmother gave me the um bible verse Proverbs 21 to 23 and basically it was keep your mouth shut and you'll stay out of trouble And so at a very young age, I was that was what I was given and then I was back in the era where What happens in this house stay in this house? You don't go telling our business to everybody Um, so everything was hush hush quiet quiet So if I would have not felt somebody put a muzzle on my mouth at a very young age Um, basically not to speak out if I would have had that freedom I think to speak out and feel comfortable It wouldn't have happened to me over and over and over and over again It wouldn't have happened all the times that it did happen in different states and in different area codes It would have uh, it would have stopped at that moment But because you've already basically Planted something in my head, you know, don't talk don't speak So why do you think it took me to 27 years old to talk about it because that's all I heard It's it's scary because me just learning being a social worker and everything now I just found out I went through a class like maybe a year ago And I found out that any Any inappropriate touch is molestation and my mouth dropped to the floor I was going to college for four years. I didn't know that and that was astounding to me any Unappropriate touch is molestation. I thought it had to be like a you know, heavy Uh sexual thing, but no any and there's so many things that we don't know It's simple things like that that could change somebody's life So I am here to Help in any situation I can because again, that's just some of it. I'm just thankful that it happened because again I'm not in a good way, but in a good way that I didn't turn to the streets I didn't turn to all the things that I could have You know growing up my mom even walked in on my cousin trying to rape me We go into them card parties and everybody drinking and you know Everything is kiki kakai and everybody fighting and arguing that everything was just so negative You know, we've been brainwashed when we were young told this and told that and now we're adults and we're looking like what in the hell My mom told me you go over anybody house that that got incense going they doing drugs. That wasn't true So it's like their fears they put on us the the naive They stigmatized us with their stuff that they didn't even know it was true You know people told them lies, you know, if you if you kiss a boy, you're gonna get pregnant You know if you hold his hand, you know all this stuff that they did to us They brainwashed us in so many ways. That's just wrong. Now you're looking back at 51 years Oh, you like all that stuff was a cracker crap. All of that was some shit. That wasn't real You know, so it's a trip. It's the trip now looking back at on your life You'd be like, wow, I was set up for real for failure. I really was But you have made it through and Yeah, you have the book coming out. What is the name of the book again? It's called figure eight faith in god. You reach eternity. Where will it be available? It's going to be on all major platforms amazon, you know, all the major platforms And it'd be dropping on father's day. Well, we are going to be looking forward to a figure eight y'all check it out Go ahead on it and look it up. The author's name is kimberley nelson ziggler. Appreciate you being on the show. Thank you It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast Brought to you by King B's Hate Love Now streaming for free on Tubi Mental health is so important And one of the biggest things that we can do is find sometimes an outlet to Express ourselves Sometimes when we express ourselves If you're an artist it can come out in forms of art and with that art You can inspire others who may be going through similar things the same thing Or don't even have a clue Of what you've been going through, but it allows them an opportunity to understand This is what a lot of artists do Like me I'm King B And this Is Raw Fusion Raw Fusion