We've gone behind the scenes of TV, now it's time to go behind the hears of radio. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a legend in the building. Chicago Radio Legend. And her name is Lisa E. What's up Lisa? Hey, it's so great to be a legend. Only 28. Thank you. That was a little too much laughter there. Okay. Well, I'm going to tell you why I laughed. I remember you being a little younger. I would listen to WGCI. You were the producer, right? Well, at least that's what they said you were. But you were always on the damn radio. Talking. Right. And this was when I wasn't in the business and you were killing it. You know what I mean? When we met, I was well familiar with your work and been listening to you for years and you were such a humble and gracious person, a very good person. And by that time I was in the business, but you're just great. You know what I mean? And just a really good, good person. And that's what I really like when you meet people who you've been listening to or watching or whatever. And they actually turned out to be good people. Because as you know, everyone in this business is not who they appear to be. And you really are what you appear to be, which is a really cool, fun, loving person. And I was pleasantly surprised by that. Oh wow. Thank you so much. That was great. I might have to tape that one and put that back on something. So I appreciate that. You know, I think, I think it's just all about having fun. It's like if you love what you do and then you make each day more fun. You just, you know, or being on the radio when, you know, I was saying, treat each day like it's your last. That means you want to make it better and better every day and just have fun. You know, because that's really what it's about. Of course you want to get the work done, but it's still nice to just, it's nice to have fun. And when you can laugh and have a good time, it makes it that much better. And, you know, I love the industry. So that's a grind though, isn't it? Oh yeah, it definitely is. I mean, it definitely has its, you know, it's. Well, it's funny because people think that's easy until they start doing it now. And like when everybody, everybody thinks that they want their own podcast or live stream or be on the radio and people don't realize they think you just put yourself on a mic and it's, that's not all it is. You know, it's like somebody has to get the content. Somebody has to get the ideas in their head. Somebody has to get things. Of course things fall in place. And of course if you're playing music or, you know, depending on what type of the station, things fall in place, but you still have to, you still have to prepare. You still have to at least have in the back of your mind some type of an outline as to what you want to do. You know, then you can be spontaneous and improvise, do all things. But when you have contest things, you know, there are things that you have to pre-plan. It just doesn't, you just go on the radio and it just pops up from outer space. You know what I mean? So, but people think that and then when they start doing it themselves or have to book guests are like, wow, I didn't realize how much work it takes. And it's not, it's not the hardest, but it's very time consuming. And if you want to be credible, you definitely have to make sure that everything is, is a, you have to have credible sources. If you're doing news stories, you have to have, if you're doing trivia, you definitely don't want to, you don't want to think you're giving the right answer for something. And it may only be the right answer, but it may not. You have to check your sources. If you're going to do any type of games, anything, you have to make sure your answers are correct. You know, you're not going to watch Jeopardy. And then you find out the person that just won $30,000 that Jeopardy made a mistake with the answer. You know what I mean? So you have to be credible with everything you do and precise. And, you know, I've always been a perfectionist. That's why, you know, that shows, you know, that's why all of the shows I produce have been top rated shows. So top rated shows, definitely. And here's the killer part. Like now it would be easier because you can just easily go and Google something, but you were doing this before Google. Yeah. We didn't have Google. Thank God for Google. Cause now I can find things a lot faster, but I still check my sources just because something is on internet doesn't necessarily make it real. And I've had to explain that to some of my, actually recently, the one of the shows I produced, I had to explain they were like, well, the story is all over internet. Okay. But that doesn't mean anything. And I had to explain like, don't put it out there because it's and it wasn't a true story. We went and it was on a fake website. And you know, they said, well, according to channel three news and all this, I said, where have you guys ever in Illinois? At least I don't know about other cities. Where has there ever been a channel three news? Exactly. Like you show me the credibility of channel three news here. Now I'm not talking about a cable channel. Three is it NBC, ABC, CBS, PBS, WTVW. No, it's CLTV. No, it's not. There, there is none. So it was like, it was fake and then they had to take it all down and I'm like, see, you can't do that. You're, you're a morning person. You can't put stuff out there because people are going to follow and trust what you say. So I've always been a stickler with that, you know, but shout out to WTTW PBS. That's my old stomping ground. So I'm glad. Oh, yeah. Now it is funny because they were just on my mind. I was watching the Sesame Street, the 50 years of Sesame Street called sunny days, which is actually really good. I haven't finished watching it, but everybody, people, I don't care who you are. Everybody's watched Sesame Street at some point. And, you know, they were just showing about just how they do things diverse, you know, diverse, like how to explain things to kids when there's tragedies, like even especially with George Floyd passing and, you know, in different things than Sesame Street. They do certain things and bring certain characters, you know, to explain it in a way that kids will understand and, you know, so big ups to Sesame Street. Yeah. Sesame Street and all those other shows over there. Even though I'm not there anymore and left, I still have an affinity for, for that station. They were good. Oh, yeah, definitely. I want to talk about you being over at GCI. First of all, you were the producer. Well, I'm the executive producer, but I was also the sidekick. Some people call them co-host. I also did entertainment, whatever you want to, I mean, I definitely was the executive producer. And a lot of times producers just produce. They don't talk, but I was kind of like the sidekick, if you will, on most of the shows. They always liked what I, you know, and Doug Banks was actually the one that started it. Doug used to bring me in to do funny segments with about like some of the NBA players and stuff. And he would just have me come in and talk. Once in a while, he was just, he thought it was funny. And then when I started producing for Doug, I, Doug would just be like, anytime you want to talk to us, the mic is yours. You know, so it was, we had fun. And then everybody else I worked with after that from Crazy Howard McGee, Rick Party, Sam Silks, Stone Pony, Gene Sparrow. You know, everybody pretty much put me on as their, you know, to give that other voice or what have you. And then I also, when I worked with Crazy Howard too, I did entertainment as well. So. You know, it's just crazy to hear all of those names. Rest in peace, Doug Banks. Yes. I'm still not in belief. Doug was classic. Doug was definitely like when you work with Doug, you didn't even know what to expect next. Like every day I could not wait to come to work because it was fun. You just knew that to expect some type of laughter, the things he did off the top of Doug would start, we would have, you know, your guests and everything. Those were pre done and, and like, you know, maybe some of the topics and then he would just take in things would go to the left or to the right. And I mean, you just never knew what was coming out of Doug's mouth, which made it so much fun because we would just laugh. It was like, Oh my God, we're having, I'm having too much fun at work. It was just, it was just such a blessing. And, you know, Doug was like a big brother. And, you know, him, Doug and Bonnie was strong were the first people really that gave me my start to, to like believe and trusted me to put me on the air and, you know, Bonnie, let me do an entertainment story. I was covering something because, you know, I was a huge NBA fanatic and I was stalking. I mean, I was going to look wrong word. I was going to check on Charles Barkley. This is before I knew Charles and they were in town playing the bulls, you know, for the championship. And so I went and I did an interview with one of the other Phoenix sons and, you know, got to be friends with everybody while I was trying to meet Charles, you know, but it was, it was fun. And she, she believed in me and let me do it. And it was just, it was really cool, you know, to, to, you know, to be with banks and company, you know, that was right around the time when Charles was on there. It's last year. You know, we got to see it again with the, with the last dance. When he said, take that shit off the windows. Yeah. And then we came back and kicked his ass. Um, uh, but those were, those were, those were fun days. Oh yeah, definitely. I remember somebody, I can't even remember his name, but he had a mix tape and he had someone from the radio on it. And I was just like, wow, how did you get someone from GCI on it? Like, you know, and then, Right. Back in the day, it was like superstars, like everybody. I mean, people come out, wait, we would sign so many autographs. It was crazy. And now I know these people, you know what I mean? And many of them have been in my movies and I'm directing them and that kind of thing. And it's, it's just, it's really back then radio was radio, you know, now. Exactly. Unfortunately, or fortunately, you know, like you said, there's so many people doing this now. Back then it was radio. You had TV, you had radio. That's it. Wasn't no, you know, podcast and on, or everybody on YouTube or anything like that, you know, to distract people. You had TV or you had radio and radio made stars back then. A big time. Big time. We had so many, you know, talented people that I worked with, you know, from, oh my God, and even the people that passed away from Shannon Dell. I learned stuff from Shannon Dell who always said loving you like a sister. You know, of course, well, Herb Kent, Herb and I didn't work directly in the studio together, but Herb and I, you know, Herb was a great guy. Richard Piggy. That was one of my first teachers was Richard. Love Richard. JJ Jackson. That was part of banks and company that did sports, you know, Tai Wansley. He was a news guy and, you know, he had his own show and just, I mean, oh, Disco Dave, of course, I did the wrap down with Frankie Dave and Ramon. Yeah. That was a disco was like my big brother. Just just, you know, some really great people. And I would say, like I said, with Doug, Doug was definitely that's still a hard pillar to swallow because that was that was a tough one. That was a really tough one. So. Rest in peace. Herb Kent. Herb was in my first movie and it was interesting. Got a good story. That's a nice guy. Such a great guy and a dirty motherfucker too. No, if you know herb, you know what I'm talking about. He would tell the dirtiest jokes. I'm like, man, I think now I can't see. I can't honestly back that one up because I don't know if he would beat out Cliff Kelly because Cliff Kelly was the first person I started working with when I interned. I interned on AM side and it was all talk and Cliff Kelly, who, you know, then went to WVON and, you know, now he's off. I believe he's finally retired. He was Alderman, you know, Cliff. Oh my God. Cliff. My for all my friends love Cliff because Cliff used to come to all my birthday parties and Cliff Kelly. Oh my God. The mic went off. This man. I don't know where he got his jokes and humor, but like the dirt I was like, oh my God, like if you want to hear jokes, Cliff, I don't know. But I can't fairly say somebody would have to let me know about with her because I don't know who if he could beat out Cliff, but Cliff. Oh my gosh. They're probably making that because probably probably. We'll make it a tie. They won't make it a tie because her was hilarious and he just come up with those old school dirty jokes and and he was he was he was very funny. I don't I don't know if you really got that over the radio, but working with him, you know, here's the thing. So I have my TV show over at Channel 11. The segment I would go to different things and have different guests on the on the show. It was a variety, basically like a variety show. So we had an ongoing soap opera. Then in between it, we would put, you know, where to go, you know, different places, different restaurants, clubs, whatever. And then we also had, you know, different interviews. And so I came to the 103 where he was then and interviewed him. Right. And so he he was on the show. He saw the show. And then I ended up running into him at Sam's Club because this actually came into my person. So, you know, and I'm not the groupie type. I wasn't, you know, so I didn't have his contact then after doing the interview. And then I just so happened to go to Sam's Club and Herb was there. He saw me and, you know, we got to talk and he said, you know what? I love how you just put me in the middle of this whole soap opera thing because I kind of used it as commercials kind of, you know, where the commercial would necessarily go in the soap opera. Then I'd put something else because I didn't have commercials. So to break it up, I would put other things in there. And the interview was there. And so he said, I love how you did that. He was like, you know, if you ever need somebody to act, give me a call. So then I did that, actually. And he showed up and he was ready to go. And, you know, so whatever you need, you know, and he was in my first movie that I directed. He was the hell of a character and so rest in peace. Herb Kent. Hey, I'm Herb Kent. I'm like a big dog. One more thing before we get the big contest going. I want you to know that I'm so cool. I'm frozen my clothes and besides which I've got just a couple of cuts left before the big stepper contest. It's your last chance to get your step on and warm up. Previously on Raw Fusion, you are a former Pittsburgh stealer. Correct. I had Kim's Guild workout with me one time and he tells me the next day. He said, man, right when you have to go all over the side of my car. Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion. Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast, wherever you get your podcast. You know, it's interesting because I tried the radio thing. Yeah. I but it was internet radio and someone was doing they had a internet radio station. And so, you know, people would always tell me, oh, you have a voice for radio, blah, blah, blah. And I'm going to be honest with you. I did that shit for a month and I was like, no, no. I'm talking about five days a week for a month. And I was like, I'm sick of this shit already. So how could you how do you have such a long career doing this at the top level? I mean, GCI was number one for decades. Ever. Yeah. And I lucked out. Well, it was crazy because in college, when I first went away to college, I was a communications major, even though I knew I wanted to do. I wanted to do like acting or some form of entertainment and and using some type of comedy as well. And I when I came back, I went to University of Iowa and then I came back and I transferred to Columbia downtown Chicago. And when I went to Columbia, that's where I got my connections. And I was I was a theater major at first, but I being in the some with some of the same people. I felt like I was living in this like live soap opera and it was a little bit. I don't know. It was like all this Shakespeare and just I felt like I was dealing with a bunch of dramatic people. And I was like, you know what? It was kind of irritating me. I was like, let me try some radio instead and maybe TV. And I took my first two radio classes and I was done. I was like, this is what I want to do. And I knew it like I knew it. And I was like, you know, I was like, I'm going to play my two my two teachers, my two first instructors. You know, everybody at Columbia was in the business. So my two instructors provide to learn the board and everything I had Harold Rush, who at the time was Doug Banks producer in the morning. When they were banks and company in the morning and he took us on a field trip. And I was like, I'm hooked and I was like, I could be at this place. And then Roz, Varen who was Roz was teaching at W F Y R. I mean, Roz was on the air at WFYR radio, which is now KISS, 103.5. And Roz was doing traffic. And when Roz had our class, Roz was like, hey guys, I need you all to help me put this video together. She goes, I'm doing this audition tape, but I need another fun kind of creative video. They're gonna start doing traffic on channel seven, you know, because they didn't do traffic. I guess I don't believe they started traffic yet. She's like, they're gonna start doing live traffic on TV. So she auditioned, we helped her, we put her, she did this like cool rap thing. And we put we, she was like this little hip hop woman and we put like gold, a big gold chain around her neck and we put, we dressed her up and she did this thing. And as you can see, she got hired cause she's still, she's the top traffic anchor at channel seven morning show, so on ABC. So yeah, so she went bigger, but yeah, she was Roz and Harold Rush, my two first instructors and radio. So they, you know, and it's cool cause they call me their colleague now and I still look at them like, you know, my mentors and so. And then I lucked out, I lucked out interning at GCI. I worked for free for a year and I only got credit for one semester, but I stayed on the whole entire year to prove myself and I got hired. All the other interns they let go, they, you know, they ran their course and then whatever. But for me, I got hired right when I graduated college. So I was super lucky, super, super lucky. That's the grind though, right? Yeah, but that's the question, yeah. And then when I left GCI and they had a brand new morning show at Power 92, they wanted me to be the executive producer. And so I didn't even have to like do a resume. You know, I mean, I sent them something just so they can have it for the records, but it was funny. I never had to really do a resume until like the past couple of years. I've never had to do a resume. I was very blessed that I got to stay in the town that I loved and, you know, a lot of people have to leave and come back. And I was just very blessed that I got to stay here. And I've made, you know, the friendships which I consider family as, you know, this industry is like a cult. You know, it's like once you're in it, you can't really leave. It's not not a bad cult. They're not gonna like do anything to your family or whatever, but you know, they, but it's like, yeah. No, it's not like that, but you know. I know, I know, I know, you know, I just say that because people assume that, you know, there's one of those eyes wide shut, something like he was going on in the industry. And I'm like, I've never seen it, you know. No, I've never. And I've made some great friendships. I mean, it's sad because with all the friendships and all the people you know, you have to unfortunately see people pass on, which is never a nice thing. And that's the one thing I do that I, that's the one thing about, because I know so many people, I mean, and there, we have very different variations of what we consider friends. Like I use the word friend loosely where people use that word as maybe associates, but I don't really use the word associates. I'll call people my friends. I'll say, okay, well, they're like, they're my business friends, my social friends, my social media friends, my this, this, this, now close friends, that's a different category for me. But, you know, knowing people in the industry too and knowing that, you know, so many people and just unfortunately the past couple of weeks with DMX and then Black Rob passing those, those two hit me like bricks. I have a lot of history with DMX, Black Rob, I've been friends with him since he had his first single out. And so it's, both of them were extremely hard for me to grasp. So that's the one bad thing, you know, so many people and then you got to go through it, you know, but, you know, you still, their memory and their beautiful music will still live in our hearts forever, so. Yeah, rest in peace, DMX, Black Rob and Shockgee. Oh yes, Shockgee, definitely. And I never got to meet Shockgee. I don't think we've ever met. I don't think I even got to interview him, but yeah, I was definitely a fan of his as well. Yeah, the hip hop industry took a big hit. Yeah, big time. The hip hop family, let's just call it what it is, took a big hit over the last couple of weeks and, you know, but we do have the music that lives on. We have the music and we have great memories. I have great stories. I've got some great DMX stories and Black Rob. I've got funny things and, you know, I've got some really good stories about both of them. So. We're going to take a little break but we'll be back with more Lisa E right here on Rock Fusion. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash King B. Rock Fusion. If you've been listening to radio like me and I'm glad now I have both perspectives, one not being in an industry and one being in the industry. I remember when radio wasn't segregated, you could listen to In the Air, Phil Collins and turn around and hear Michael Jackson, Prince, all on the same radio station. Somewhere, well I don't know, you could probably tell me more of when, but somewhere between, somewhere in the 80s or 90s or something like that, it started to separate. And then I had what was now, was then called Black Radio. Anybody that knows me knows, I don't believe in black and white. Yeah, I believe that. Yeah, I'm the same way. So how was it for you, being what the general public would consider white, working in what they considered black radio? Right, and that's been something I've had to deal with forever because I always tell people when music has no color. So I always say that if you have a love for music, back when we were younger, we all listened to, even before people had FM radio, we listened to AM, so everybody listened to WLS. And I don't know if people remember if I might be out dating myself, but you know, or dating, whatever, but we used to have a WLS Fantastic Plastic card. Never used it for anything, but you thought you were so cool if you had this card. Then you would hear, you know, the group Chicago, and then you would hear like Earth, Wind and Fire. So it was like, everybody knew all the songs. You know, Pat, people knew the songs. They knew everybody knew sticks. Everybody knew songs from like REO Speedwagon and The Rolling Stones. They would know Old Disco. They would know Michael Jackson. They would know, you know, so I don't know. And see, I have such a love for music. For me, you know, I'll go from listening to my raunchiest NWA to putting on air supply. So it's like, I just love music, you know what I mean? I just, I'm a huge music buff and it's been tough sometimes because people will like, you know, I've always, well, why do you work at a black radio station? And I mean, and this is white and black people that asked me, I've had, and I always tell them, well, music has no color. I'm like, well, I don't look at it like that. And I happened to love this type of music. Somebody condemned me actually a few months ago because what's caught in the industry, when they refer to it as different markets and not different markets, but different types of music, they call it urban music. And urban music is technically like R&B or hip hop. Sometimes they call it hip hop, but when they say, I work at an urban radio station, it's not, you know, there was some people that took offense when I had said it on a radio platform and some people were talking about me like saying that, I'm like, no, that had nothing to do with me personally saying it. That's what it's always referred to. You have your pop, you have your adult contemporary, then they just call it urban. That's the name it's been given. You know, that's what we just call it. You know, it's been given that whatever, not that whatever is right or wrong, but it's been tough because I hate when people judge you because of certain music you listen to. And it's never my coworkers, it's just other folks. Although it was people in other departments would ask me, Lisa, why are you working here at a black radio station? I was like, I don't know, they hired me. I don't know, like, I don't know. You know, me, I'm like, I'm a smart ass. So I come up with weird answers and stuff because I've never looked at it like that. You know, I've never looked at it. I don't know. I was fortunate enough to grow up with all of my friends or like everything. So like since I was little, so I've never, of course, when you look at somebody, it's like, okay, well, your eyes are a little slanted. My eyes aren't, you know, my hair is frizzy. This person's hair is straight. Your hair is that, you know, so of course you see differences, but I've never used any of the differences. Like, okay, well, let's say I have five black friends. I've got four white friends. I've got three by racial. I've got two Asian. Like, I've never looked at it like that. If you're my friend, you're my friend. And so- You hit all the boxes, right? Yeah, I mean, but like I said, and I've been fortunate enough, like at an early age, I've grown up learning about people's traditions. So my friends learned about our Jewish traditions and about my bat mitzvah. I saw growing up a friend of ours that was from India. So we saw some of their traditions. A friend, like close friends and my brother's best friends are from the Philippines. So we saw how they do their traditions. Like just a black Baptist church. I saw growing up what they would do in their family, like if there was a death or whatever. So you, we learned each other's traditions and customs growing up. So it was, you know, when you're kids and you get an appreciation, it's a whole nother way to learn and just see the value in others and what they bring to the table. And I just wish, you know, people could just see the beauty. It's like, this would be such a boring world if we all looked and talked to like it really would. It would be so boring. You know, I had a similar experience going up in kindergarten. I was the only brown skinned person there. The only one. If we, one of these days, I'm gonna try to find a picture of our class and put it on social media. Then I went to another school and there was literally just about everything there. You know, I don't say I'm color blind. I'm not. And I don't want to be. I think that everyone should be happy of what they were made. And there's differences. And that's a good thing, you know? That's just like people being heavier, like people being tall or short or thin or thicker. Like we don't, we're not blind, we see our friends, but are you gonna say, okay guys, I made my quota this month, I can't hang out with any more really skinny people. You know what I mean? Like it's like you're putting, you're grouping folks because of the same skin tone or the same tallness or short, you know? And people do relate in certain areas, you know? And it's always good. I think it's great to know where you come from. I mean, people, you know, I had a tough, I was the only, in high school, it was only like, I think two of us that were Jewish, you know, besides my siblings, everybody else, we were like the only Jewish kids. So when we had to take our high holy days off, you know, they would kind of look like the teacher would schedule a test. We had to specifically tell them not to, because that's our days, like, and then one time we had to argue with the teacher and my dad's like, well, she'll come in and do it on Christmas. She can take the test on Christmas and then shut the teacher up because you're closed on Christmas, you know? But it was like, but then all my friends down the street at home of Flossmore High School, because there were so many Jewish kids there at the time, they took off for the holidays. And then we even went, I'll never forget in like fourth or fifth grade, I don't know, I think they were Mormon. I mean, they were Mormon or Jehovah Witness, I'm not sure, but I went to a slumber party and all my friends were there. So of course I didn't want to, and my mom taught kindergarten at our grade school. So I grew up like eight houses away from our school and my mom was the kindergarten teacher there for like 30 years. So, you know, so all the families and stuff, my mother, whatever, but we were at the slumber party and I guess the girl's family was taught that Jewish people were the devil. So one of her siblings, who was a little younger, had to be like five or six, maybe literally asked me where my horns were. They said, where are your horns at? And they weren't trying to be mean, but they heard that we are the devil. We had like horns at, so of course I was the smartest back then. I said, oh, I left him on my nightstand or something and I didn't bring him with. And my friends were like, are you gonna call your mom and tell her? But I was like, I didn't want to leave the slumber party, you know, because you want to be with all your friends. So the next morning, the mother literally was making everybody bow down before we were gonna eat breakfast. And I said, well, we don't do that. And she was like, well, then you're not gonna eat whatever you had, like she wanted me to bow down and say whatever. And so I had to call my mom to come pick me up. So it was crazy. But, you know, we, and I say I would, people have to go through anything like that. It's like, you know, for the variations or you know, the differences. I just, you know, are things ever gonna change? I don't know. I mean, maybe we can hope one day, but. You know, it is bad, the kids have to go through that. But at the same time, I don't know because to be honest with you, when I was in kindergarten, I experienced it. But the killer part was by the end of the school year, you know, they were all my friends, basically. Well, quote on quote, friends, whatever they appeared to be. I had all the little girls, the cutest girls in classes, or you know, kissing me and. He had to throw that in. Ladies and gentlemen. I mean, it's just the truth. I got something. It's the truth. I just, you know, I had to go with that. Okay, okay. But I mean, but it's true. And I learned at five years old about racism and I learned that people can, I wanna say change or at least have a different opinion once they get to know you. So I've never shied away from, I know people that share my skin color that really, you know, haven't left the block. So they haven't experienced other people. So they come with preconceived notions and they don't interact and they separate themselves. You know, Chicago is a very segregated city and it's self-segregated. So me, I've never shied away from people who looked a little different from me because I went through that at five. You know, I overcame that at five. So for the rest of my life, you know, I've never really shied away from or really treated people differently because I, you know, okay, you're a person just like me. You know, I don't feel any less and I don't feel any more, I just, you know, you're just a person. And so, you know, I try to get, because the truth of the matter is I have some people blind-haired blue-eyed that go to water for me quicker than some other people and I identify sometimes with them and their perspective. And to me, that clumps me together with them, not skin color. You share experiences and you have a certain point of view and now we're cool, you know, and it's amazing how, as long as we've been here, that we haven't figured that out. You know, I directed quite a few movies and it was funny to me. Like it's literally funny to me. When people say, where did you get the white people from? They're like, hey, how did you get the white people? You know, I don't, they're actors, you know. You know, they're actors, I work with actors. You know, I don't give a damn, you know. I don't, even when I write scripts, I don't put, you know, I've been in this business for a long time. I've seen other people's scripts and they'll put Caucasian, 35, blah, blah, in front of, I don't do that because I don't know who I'm gonna cast in that role, you know, or Black, you know, 25. I don't do that, you know what I mean? I just put the characters and then I find people that I think fit those characters. So I think growing up at five years old, going through the racism in my mind overcoming it and then going to the next phase where you add even more people who look different than the two that were at the kindergarten and then becoming friends with them and finding similarities and perspectives. You know, at this point, you know, I'm over all of that. You know, the only problem I have is when I see you targeting people because of, you know, the color of their skin or religion or something like that. Then, you know, I will say what I have to say but that doesn't mean that my people with the lighter hue that I'm going against them, I'm going against people who are racist, you know, but I still love those who love me who are, you know, different skin color or Iceland or whatever, you know what I mean? So, you know, it's sad that you go through that at a young age. Did you have to sometimes? But sometimes they can prepare you if you do it the right way. Right. When doing radio, what's the toughest thing that you have to deal with? Hold on, hold on. You said tough. I mean, you know, I wouldn't say everything is super tough. It's more time consuming. Sometimes, you know, just some of the people you might have to deal with or you just, you know, some people like, things might be like somewhat of a challenge, you know, to, you know, putting, like, if it's a certain guest or trying to, you know, talk to certain people and some people, you know, wanna act a certain way and, you know, whatever. I don't, like, I'm a person. Well, I'm a person, I treat everybody the same so I don't care if you're, you know, the number one top actor in the country or you're, you know, the person that just came up and did a street sweep, you know what I mean? Like, I'm gonna treat everybody the same and I just don't, I don't like sometimes when people feel that they're, you know, above anybody else and sometimes I will say, like some of the people nowadays in radio, a lot of people feel that they, a lot of the newer people, like even people that were just interns or just started doing, working in the business, it's like they want, they feel that they, everybody owes them something instead of doing the work, I guess, instead of knowing that you have to crawl before you can walk and put in that work. If you have that passion and the drive in this industry, you're gonna get it and, you know, just thinking, you know, just like I always tell people, there's enough fame and fortune for all of us. You gotta get in where you fit in. And I just, I don't like, I would say one of the other things, you know, I don't like people having to be competitive, like women especially, because it's such, it's still a man run industry more or less, even though women have come a long way. But, you know, I don't want the women feeling like they have to go against each other when they should just embrace each other. You know, every time there's been new women that have come in Chicago, whether they would be at the other stations, you know, I would reach out because I also do my entertainment, I have my entertainment company and I do a lot of big events and stuff and I would reach out and say, hey guys, you know, this is Lisa E. Bubba Bluff from here and you know, I do a lot of these, you know, whether it's a grand opening or tastings or whatever I wanna put you on my media list and invite you in there like, whoa, like nobody ever did that, you know, before. You know, I'm like, that's how it should be. We embrace each other. If you're talented and you're supposed to be here, that's what you're supposed to do. I can't hate on you because you have a talent, you know? So, and I would say the other thing that I don't wanna say is tough, but sometimes, you know, nowadays, and this is just in general too, in broadcasting and in life, everybody, you know, the new way to communicate is through texts and emails and a lot of times, I feel if you have more than three things that you have to discuss, pick up the damn phone and call me. We can get that same conversation in five minutes and hearing somebody's voice might change your mind. It might get a sponsor or somebody or hearing a friendly voice and cracking jokes or like, that's the way I do it, but if you might hear a friendly voice, they might have a whole different approach. Sometimes people are in a hurry when they text and the messages don't come across properly or you mess up words and sometimes it just, you know. So, and if you're in this industry- You can't share with those damn things. Yeah, you can't tell. Yeah, you can't. Sometimes you could be joking and people think you're serious and then you don't know. People take things the wrong way too. Yeah, and the tone and stuff. And so like, I had somebody that asked me like five or six different questions like, could you just pick up the phone and call? And they're like, well, why can't you just text? Well, why can't you just, especially if you're trying to do radio, that means you get paid to talk, pick up the phone and call. But that's, I think, my advice for anybody because if you're trying to get something done, you go the, when you go the extra mile, people see that and see that's one thing I will say about myself. I've done things, I've gone beyond what I'm supposed to do for things. And that's why people remember me and that's why people continue to work with me because I've, you know, I've done events like, we had Shamar Moore was in town doing a play and they were gonna do a party for him, like a private party back at, I want to say it was, I think it was the click at the time. And it was either heroes or the click, but I think it was the click and it was like, they were doing a private party. And I was like, okay, we're gonna have Shamar on the air with us. And I called so because I was talking to his publicist, I saw that it was his birthday, the night we were gonna do the party for like the casting party. So I asked the publicist, I said, what is his favorite dessert? And I still remember it was like strawberry shortcake. So I went ahead, I've made some calls and you know, I got some coal being Lisa E, if you will, but you know, and of course when I say Shamar Moore and you can meet Shamar and you know, I showed him who did the cake, you know, I had a great cake made, a really nice, beautiful cake made. Shamar like saw the cake at the party. He was like in shock and it was his favorite dessert. He was like, wow, like he was like, I'll never forget this. Like nobody's ever done that before. Like to take the time out and go that extra mile, you know, that's what I call it. We have Will Smith on, Will Smith was coming and I have researched and I saw that every time Will would go to an awards show, him and his guys would go through the drive-through at McDonald's and get french fries. So I called the McDonald's around the corner and had them send over a bunch of french fries and I had them, I brought him over when Will came to the station. He was like, he was like, he just got a big kick and started laughing. He was like, hey, you researched me. He was like, okay, you know, and you just never realized like when you do the extra stuff for any, anything, and this goes with any type of industry, you know, people will definitely appreciate it. And that's important. I think that people need to get it these days because things come almost too easy, I believe. You know, I was just talking to a friend of mine before we went on the air and it's like, you want it all, but you're too high-minded of your own self to do some of the things that it takes to get there. So you say exactly, exactly. How in the hell, and I was saying this, you don't know who you're talking to. How do you get in a business and you don't know who in the hell you're talking to? You know what I mean? It's like you're working at a company. You don't even know who the CEO is. And then the CEO walks in, you treat him like, you know, whatever, who the hell are you? And this is the person that's signing your check. You don't even know who that person is. How do you get into a business and you don't even take the time to learn who the players are? Right, some people don't care. I mean, I had a young lady that came to graduate college. I love her to death. I speak with her. I consider her a little sister. She's a millennial and she literally, she would let us know. Now I had started, I was producing mornings. I'm not gonna even say the platform and stuff because that's a whole nother issue. But I was doing a pretty big show for just up until August. It was a really big morning show. And you know, my assistant, she was great. You know, she kind of like assist us. She was kind of like they considered an intern but she was still more of a studio assistant helping with some of the production and technical support and stuff. And she would just like tell us, you guys tomorrow, she would come in late all the time. Like nothing, well, yeah, last night my friends and I went out and I got a little too drunk. Well, first of all, you don't tell the people you're working with that. Not unless you're part of a team and you've been, now if you've been in radio and you're Doug Banks, you're Tom Joyner, you're Crazy Howard, whoever. Yeah, you've got it under your belt already. You could talk about it, but if you're new and you're coming in and the reason you're late is because you had other things going on, but then you tell the next day, guys, I'm gonna have to leave an hour early because I made my hair appointment and I'm getting my braids and stuff. And I mean, she would do stuff like that. And I had to pull her aside once I said, look, I'm not upset that you're doing that. I said, but if you're at any other station, they probably would have like already put you on probation and stuff. Like I said, if you have to do something like that, at least say you're doing like a doctor's appointment, something because if you tell everybody you're going, that you're taking off our four-hour show and you're leaving to go to your hair appointment, that doesn't look good. You're working four hours, but you can only stay two and a half or three. It's like- I don't give a shit who you are. But they just don't care, right? And they're bold about it. It's not like they hide it and think of anything that people are very bold with, you know? Okay. I'm gonna show you how bold I am. Get your ass off here. We got somebody else. And I've had to deal with a lot of things being a director and people don't understand, but they found out really quickly. I'm not gonna put up with that shit. Because most of the time, the people that, look, it's about respect, okay? And if you don't have any respect for what you do, you should have respect for the people that you're working with. And if you don't, okay, that's fine. You need to be somewhere else. And I have a, no, you're not, you're not, with me, I tell people a lot, I'm falling out with more celebrities than you even met. You know what I mean? Because I don't give a shit. I don't care who you are. I don't care if you sold a billion records. I don't care if you sold one. To me, you're still a person. And if you don't have respect for what you're doing and the people that you're working with, okay. That's fine. You can do that. You will do it somewhere else. But you can do that and see how long your career lasts. If you wanna have longevity in this business, if you wanna be able to pick up the phone and call people like Lisa E. And they show up, you know? You have to respect what you do. You have to respect yourself and you have to respect others. So before we get out of here, Lisa, tell us what you have going on. Well, so on top of doing radio, on top of doing, I still do PR, marketing, media relations, publicity. It just depends on what's going on for an event. And of course, I still do my voiceovers and I MC. So I'm doing all of that, but I started managing. Even though I said I never would do that, people have been asking me to be their manager for like 800 years and it literally fell into it a few years when my dad had gotten sick and then my dad passed and I had like a little extra free time and it just kind of fell into it. I was doing some other work under this management company, asked me to come out and help them with some stuff. And I just, it was kind of crazy. We went on a road trip and I could just see the way that they were treating the artist and I'm like, this is not how it's supposed to be. And so Sean White, that's the artist, he's an R&B singer. When I just saw, I was like, man, this guy is next level. We literally just fell into working together. And so we've been working together for almost three years now and he is amazing. He's a wonderful singer. He, he's a singer-songwriter. He does all of his own writing, arranging. There's only one song of his that he didn't do, but Montell Jordan wrote it. So we'll take that, you know, this is how we do it. So yeah, Montel wrote a song and the producer that did it said, you know, Sean, I think you would be great doing this. So Sean cut it the first time and I didn't call Montel because I wanted him to like it, you know, legitimately, not cause he was my friend. I didn't want any favors. And he liked it the first go round and they went with it. And then Sean, we drove out to Alabama and Sean performed it while Montel was doing a party at one of the football classics. So it was pretty cool. So he's, he's been doing some big things. We're doing a show for a pre-mother's day, yeah, pre-mother's day of say Valentine's day, pre-mother's day event that I'm hosting and Sean's performing with Ben one and slick J Adams and Fabian soul that's going to be in Peoria on May 8th. And we've got, he's doing an open house. We've got some other things, but he, he just opened up recently for Mario and right before the pandemic, Sean was opening for Joe Avant and Drew Hill at the horseshoe casino. So he's doing some big things. He's getting some radio play and, you know, so he's doing really good. And if, you know, if anyone wants to follow his music, if they follow him, it's just Sean White, S-E-A-N-W-Y-T-E. All of his music is available on digital, all digital outlets. And if you just like good R&B, definitely go and view all his music. Okay, check that out. And if people want to get in touch with you, how do they do so? If people want to reach me and on Instagram, cause you know, it's like my Facebook, Facebook's always full, but, but I'm really into Instagram now. So I'm trying to get my numbers up too. But if you go to Instagram, it's just under Lisa E-Radio. And I'm pretty reachable. I check stuff, you know, as long as people are coming to you from a good perspective, not from, you know, I've had a little, you know, you get some weird, weird proposals and stuff like that, but you know, anyway, but yeah, that's a whole nother show. But yeah, but people can just find me a super easy Lisa E-Radio and, you know, got a lot of stuff going on. And you know, too, I still work with different companies, different things that they have grand openings, listening parties, what have you. So I'm, you know, I'm all over the place. So I look forward to things opening up a little more and us, you know, at least being able to see each other's faces a little more, you know, in these next few months. So- Lisa, I'm so glad that you came on my show. And- Thank you. Thank you. And you know, I'm not just blowing smoke when I say the legend part. Like literally, God damn, you did the damn thing, but you're still doing it. And I'm gonna give you your flowers now and appreciate you, because you're just terrific at what you do and you're a good person doing it. Thank you so much. Thank you. No, I really appreciate it. I appreciate you having me on and reaching out to me. It was great. And I wish you continued success and looking forward to doing some other things that we were talking about earlier. And, you know, I think it's gonna be, I think we're gonna have a lot of fun. So- So we gotta do some work. Oh yeah, definitely. Definitely. Well, thank you so much and continued success. Thank you, Lisa and you too. It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Well, ladies and gentlemen, several times you've heard me say that I don't give a fuck, which is true to a certain extent. I mean, if you're a VIP and you've earned that status, then sure, there are accommodations made. We look out for people, comps, taking care of people, making them feel comfortable. That's customary. And it's worth it. And it's a good practice because, again, they have earned it. But that doesn't mean when we get to work that you can disrespect people, that you can disrespect what we're, that will, and you won't have a long, lustrous career doing so. Or you may get away with it for a while. Mutation that you've built, give good karma and it shall return to I'm King B and this, Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.