We're bringing him back on today's wait a minute why is his name on this fucking list what name sir The last name on the list man Well, you wanted to come back on the show didn't I tell you not to book his ass no goddamn on Yes, I'm already doing a show with this mother Why is his ass over here? Well, you wanted to be back on the show. You see I'm gonna have to kick your ass That Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen King B right here and welcome to Raw Fusion We have a great show for you today. We're bringing back some of the people that have previously been on the show We got a lot of things to talk about one of the coolest things This week in the news the legendary bill Cosby was released From prison due to some malpractice Some shady shit Some bullshit that went on in his trial. Let me first say I seriously believe that any person That violates women the type of way that he was accused of should be punished. It's very disgusting to Do that to women. Uh, I love women and and and very protective of women Some women can't say all women because some of y'all out of the fucking pocket, but that doesn't mean you Deserve or should be treated like that. I just think some of y'all need to be round up just along with some of these bum ass guys And just you know thrown somewhere But nonetheless, there is no excuse For the type of behavior that he was accused of here's my thing I don't believe a word of what they said. I don't believe he did what he was accused of I've been in this business a long time. I know how people make up shit. I know how people lie I know how there are conspiracies to take Certain people down, especially when they Are doing things that some other people Who have been in a position of control Do not like now. It's very interesting. You can't tell me That certain people are model citizens great people And then when they do something you don't like all of a sudden They are The worst people in the world, you know, I'm not saying the things don't come out later, but you Look at the preponderance of the evidence and although that's not the legal standard. That's the legal standard In a civil trial, but in a criminal trial. It's a little different standard. However Not being a part of the court system in this case Or some of the others we may discuss on the outside I get to look at a preponderance of the evidence and in my own opinion Certain things stand out to me certain things like Every time you try to buy A television network, which would make you hugely powerful people don't realize just how powerful Barcast television is me being from barcast television. That's the free shit. So you don't have to have cable You don't have to subscribe to a to a streaming platform No, anybody with a TV set can access these stations That's huge huge The likelihood of you getting a larger audience is Way more than if you're on a streaming platform or whatever You don't have to have internet cable none of that shit just TV and possibly an antenna So it something happens to you when you try to buy this network The first time then life goes back to normal everything is okay Then the second time you try to buy The same platform or network or a network something else happens to you and now you're the You know the demon of the industry raises my eyebrows. I don't know about yours So we got to look at those sort of things. Also something else happened in the news Sha'Carri Richardson. She was caught with a weed in the system, which jeopardizes her participation in the Olympics in Tokyo. It's very interesting. Honestly, I don't have a problem with the nails Back in the 90s flow Joe and a lot of runners actually had those long ass nails No problem with the color hair express yourself beautiful. I don't have to like the colors Although some of them I kind of do but that's neither here nor there the ghetto attitude Not a fan of I'm hood, but I'm not ghetto ghetto motherfuckers usually fuck up Shit hood motherfuckers can be from the hood had that you know swag as they call it or a certain type of attitude But they don't necessarily tear up their own shit. It's important to Point out that the young lady was going through some things, you know, sometimes when When you have a good relationship with a parent and they pass away, it's devastating Sometimes it might be even more devastating when you have a problematic With a parent and they pass away because in those cases A lot of the times you start to realize that You have no more recourse no more time to Patch up the relationship Now that can hurt sometimes just as much as if you had a great relationship with them Maybe even more so then we start talking about mental health and I think it's important That we start to remove the stigma of mental health issues if you get sick In your body somewhere else a physical illness You know cold the flu whatever it may be no one says anything about that because it's in the body and normally Normally unless it's like something that's permanent It will pass after a certain amount of time and treatment when you have a mental illness People say mental illness and and and think that it's permanent and you're crazy And you're just a fucked up person and and as if those things can't heal mental illness Some of them can be treated and you can heal some of us go through depression And you can come out of it. That's a mental health issue depression and That doesn't mean that you can't be helped in the olden days. They throw them away You can't help those type of people That was their thinking but now that we're more enlightened We know that some things can be helped and all things can be treated So it's time that we remove the stigma and get to a point where where we can where we can start to Help people and make it more acceptable for them to get the help that they need. That is also why I'm using what I do And what I do is filmmaking If you didn't know to do a documentary because there's something near and dear to my heart the documentary is going to be about mental health and How to get help identify signs Sometimes we're going through shit and we don't even know That we're having mental health issues So it's time that we start to use and my resources film My background is film been doing it for well over a decade to help people But the problem is that this shit costs money So I started a GoFundMe campaign if you go to gofundme.com Slash mental the movie mental the movie you can donate and all donations Count trying to raise a hundred thousand dollars Which in the grand scheme of things that's very little money for doing a film of this magnitude But being an independent filmmaker we know how to get things done Without spending a whole lot of money So whereas if you do it in the hollywood since the same movie cost 10 million dollars So um or five or one or whatever We don't necessarily need a million. It would be great to have that so we have some space But I'm sure we can get it done for a hundred thousand That may sound daunting for some people, but there's a lot of people that listen to this show I know a lot of people And they know a lot of people and believe me. I believe that we can get there So with your help who cares the dollar, please Go to gofundme.com slash mental the movie and donate One two three four five dollars will help believe me and if you want to give more that's great Of course the more you spend will probably get some kind of things like coming to the premiere and all that shit to give to you guys But I think we need to all use our resources to get to these these issues the young lady in tennis You know, she bowed out because of her mental health issues There's a lot going on ladies and gentlemen and we can either sit back and do nothing or do something And I'm willing to put in the work Um, I've done five films had a TV show on pbs. This is what I do I'm willing to put in that work and believe me. It's a hell of a lot of work But to do my part, I'm willing to put in the work. I just need people to roll with me on this one And your help is important and appreciated. Got a couple of people First up is malachi gary from ink full thoughts tattoos. We're gonna talk about the issues happening in the news What's up, bro? What up, bro chilling man? How we doing chilling man over here talking about this, uh, bill Cosby thing. What you what you think about it? Oh, man. Oh, man I I think it's a blessing that the man is out. Yep Uh, I really never agreed with it in the first place, you know, but hey, you know It always goes back to what me and you talk about a lot man. We talk about situation I don't understand how you can be in a time where a kid a kid gets beaten up for whistling at a so-called white woman But now In the same time, you too scared to come out and say, well, he raped me What? Say it again, bro. Say it again. That don't even make any fucking sense, bro. Like, I mean It definitely don't make no sense Motherfuckers just see this is the problem with with media and I'm in media So I know it see motherfuckers don't know it media constructs the way they say shit and lame motherfuckers who Don't have a brain to think farther than what they hear They just hear what the fuck they're saying and then they're just programmed and they go along with the shit They don't take the time to actually think out Situations and research the times when shit happens. They just oh, they said a year this time is 50 of them So it's gotta be true. That's the dumbest mother fucking argument. Come on. Joe. You don't know You're talking about a high roller dawg You know, yeah, you try and tell me they won't put no money behind stopping him. Come on, Joe. Come on You know what's crazy? What's what's crazy is they knew damn well talking about what I think I heard one of them say, well We go back to the hotel room. I didn't know we were going for come on, man You know the man ain't asked you to go watch no damn cartoons or Or or or nothing crazy, you know what just going to the hotel room to do you talking about the 60s This ain't like today. See people be thinking about shit like in today's terms You talking about in the 60s. So that means you got a whole picture of this dude in his robe That means you didn't just pull out your camera phone and snuck a picture Right, you had to pull out one of them big ass cameras Take the picture if it's a polaroid You took it and you had to wave it in the wind for the motherfucker to develop If it wasn't you had a big one you had to go get developed somewhere at the drug store or something at the photo lab So you knew what you was doing. So you knew what you was doing And he knew what you was doing if I'm finna drug and rape you you think I'm gonna let you take a picture of me in my robe The fuck out of here. Get the fuck out of here It just goes back to what you It goes strictly to what you just said me because of who said it he's guilty You got 30 some people 50 some people saying somebody did but mainly those people are who? Women now, I'm not gonna get on women. You're saying in bash no woman or whatever If a woman say you did something brother, you did it But you scared to go to police station and take you 50 years because you don't think nobody gonna believe you get the fuck out of here Fuck but not only that you are even if not only that if it's true you allowed Other women to get raped or whatever when you could have stopped it then So you didn't care you you was just worried about if somebody was gonna believe you wasn't thinking about well, damn He'll do this is somebody else. You know I can maybe stop it. No. No, you thinking about money right now because you broke And you want to sue this man? You want to make up these little concoct stories because y'all was around each other You was around him at the time. So it's okay to say oh well Well, yeah, I was around him and I got witnesses that I was with him So I'm gonna say he did this and everybody knows that bill was a wild boy back then So we're gonna they're gonna believe me in because I'm a woman That's some bullshit. I ain't even gonna say bill all the way right. He might have told a lie He might he might lie to get a little pussy, baby. I'll put you in the movie. I'll do something I do this do that another thing And then he ain't come up and do it and left you by the side of the road after he got some And now you're mad For 50 years now you're mad. Fuck out my face for 50 years That's crazy. Well, look and then what he what he got? He did two and a half close to three years Of a 10 year beard and and as you can see the man stood his ground In jail, he could have got probation or whatever and got out. I heard had he just went to uh Sex sex abuse class assumptions. Some shit things come out comes class They wanted him to register for when he was locked up. He said no He's not you know, you finish say he guilty for some shit, but he feel he didn't do Now from that point right there I'm starting to think bill all the way. Fuck innocent, right? Because what man that what man that what was it 83 something like that 83 years old Yeah 80 81 83 years old that don't want to get out of jail and living in want to die in there And been living a lavish lifestyle for how many years Since he was about 20 something. I think it was come on, joe. Yes And now you're gonna sit up and he's just gonna stay in that and you can just say yeah And if you confess people keep saying well, he confessed to the other thing But if you confess then then you ain't ain't no more questions then Then you ain't got the cop no plea because you already confessed to it, right? And you wasn't supposed to use that that testimony in that other shit any motherfucking way So this whole thing is bullshit, man Straight bullshit. It is. You know what I'm saying? And he's doing the same thing to the young boy down there in houston same exact playbook You know why because a lot of us will go along with it just because the media said it With they dumb sell out asses. Anyway, that's true. That's true. Chicago Richardson, what you think about that situation? Chicago Richardson. First of all, I want to say I'm definitely proud. I'm definitely proud of her because she's an african american woman She's she's she's overcome boundaries I'm sure that probably no one ever thought that she'd get through but in another breath I want to say I feel like it's crazy how people want to praise her now But wasn't doing anything of that nature When they saw her grow They saw her growing. You didn't see nobody post her about chicory richerson or anybody or anything She did before she got on the stage and I mean I'm not and I'm not knocking on I'm not knocking people for that. I'm not knocking people for that You know sometimes people don't pay attention to to sports and stuff like that and then when they see it They get happy or whatever it is But my my whole thing is this has she been a regular person That had posted with that hair her nails and she was running the park everybody named mama would have called the ghetto But since she's on a since she's on this high horse right now and she's doing things that's that's great by the way Don't get me wrong great. I love it. She's a strong black one. I love it. Everybody's praising her But you know how many women I see knock other women down on social media just for for how they look You know what I am going to call these motherfuckers out because if I heard the story correctly or heard her talking correctly That's a lot of motherfuckers that told her she wasn't going to be none of this shit. No way You know what I'm saying and that's our motherfucking fault Motherfuckers is always talking about what what what a motherfucker ain't gonna be and then when they get there you all Ride riding they shit. That's number one number two. Yes. She's ghetto, but here's the thing This is where I kind of disagree with this thing because a lot of maybe older people would have said she was ghetto But when all you got is Cardi B And Megan the stallion and all that shit them your motherfucking role models. No, she ain't ghetto to them You know what I'm saying? She ain't ghetto to them. That's that's them. They trying to be like something like that You know what I'm saying? That's how she got that way. You know what I'm saying and that whole nails thing Maybe the hair we didn't see that hair, but uh flow joe did that already so that shit ain't even nothing new So, I mean they all did it back then so that that long nail shit that shit ain't nothing new But these young motherfuckers who don't know shit don't know that that's already been done years ago So and man, I appreciate you. It's not a problem at all, brother. I appreciate you having me on as always You know saying you always come through with some good topics, man And you know, I'm always on it, bro Gotta do it gotta do it and we'll be looking out for your podcast coming soon Yes, yes, definitely be looking out for talking loud like getting stuck You did in for those podcasts. You already know it. You dig my god. Next up. We've got linda white She's from the uncorked in conversation podcast if you Listened a few weeks ago. We had a whole conversation About love and relationships men and women on the show and on their show as well. How you doing linda? Hey King B. How's it going? I'm good. I'm good. How are you? I'm good Back again, huh? Yes, yes So what do you think about this bill Cosby thing? Bill Cosby situation, um, you know, it's it's a really complex issue I've seen people taking sides and seen some really ugly discussions as a result of the sides people are taking But um, I just think there are more layers to this than you know, just just right and wrong Just this side and that side my side your side Um, I wanted to start off with um speaking about the objective facts first of all um And I want to make sure I have them right because you know initially when I was thinking about this I I think I was I missed the fact that he actually during the trial or prior to the trial to the criminal trial confessed to the act of drugging these women and did he I believe he confessed to Having sex with women that could not consent. You know, do I have that right based on what the facts can see? I'm not sure but that but that would be rape and I don't think he confessed to rape. So Okay, I didn't think he did either, but maybe it was drugs, but let's be honest We're talking about what the 60s Everybody was taking drugs then. Yeah, it's free love and that's what people don't understand They don't put this shit into context. It was free love It was it was hippie shit and if you are in la you were probably high at that time Oh, definitely. Yep. So yeah, he might have gave somebody some drugs. Okay, right and at the end I think that's what he admitted. So I don't I didn't think he admitted to any rape either. So Yeah, um going by the fact he confessed to the the drugging He that's an objective fact. He was duped by the prosecution. That's an objective fact because he made a statement in hopes of of receiving some sort of deal and then that statement was used against him to convict him So that is also an objective fact an objective fact is also because of the prosecution's actions First of all a person is innocent till proven guilty regardless of what crime we're talking about And by the prosecution's actions, he did not get a fair trial So therefore he is not legally responsible regardless of how people feel about him He's not legally responsible for the acts because he was not he did not get a fair trial Which everyone is entitled to and the reason he didn't get a fair trial was by the choices of the prosecution Their deception the things that they did wrong. So those are objective facts that we know I am not upset that his uh case was overturned I am not a bill basher running around saying, you know, he's a predator. He's a rapist Yes, he admitted to drugging these women to your point. This was a different time And there was a lot of this is the time when people were putting their keys Into a basket so that they could sleep with different people that different married people, you know, so they could swing better For anybody that doesn't know what this time was about. I encourage them to read Valley of the Dolls I think that's by Jackie Collins Huge insight as to things that went on in Hollywood. Does that excuse? What someone would call a sexual assault of a person? No, it doesn't but again, he's not criminally responsible for those acts Because he did not get a fair trial Therefore the overturning of his conviction is exactly spot on and that is just fact Right. And here's the thing. I hate to do it, but I'm glad I'm doing it with a woman On the mic, but let's be honest here. Maybe it does sound sexist, but I don't care Felicia Felicia Rashad Probably look better than all of the motherfuckers put together At that time, right a little older now But when she was on the Cosby show That woman was bad. You understand what I'm saying? Felicia is pretty bad now Well, she ain't she ain't half stepping but she you know, she's a little older now people won't people People had to go back to the Cosby show to just to see how really bad she really was Right, right. I feel you and so if if you're gonna pull it with anybody I mean just thinking as a man, you understand what I'm saying? I'm gonna pull it with Felicia first Now she didn't say this man has never done anything like that. Right. So You know, I kind of believe her, you know, I understand we're in the age where we want to believe the woman And honestly, I think that's a very vile thing to do Yes, and if he had done it, yeah, he should spend the rest of his life in jail Right, even though legally he wouldn't but me personally I can go to jail Right, but I don't believe for a minute that he did it. I don't care if it's 50 172 they're doing the same thing with the brother in Houston. That's what they do Tupac went to jail. Mm-hmm, right. Yeah, he did Did the the woman said it was consensual, right? Right. Yeah. Well Tupac went to jail for supposedly I mean, they said forceful touching of some shit. Yeah, but honestly, they were saying Well, he brought her there and he should have made sure she left untouched. Right. Now, here's my problem with this whole thing Number one, supposedly she knew these people in the first place Right, she knew them supposedly before she knew pock. Mm-hmm Those are your people. Why am I responsible for you with your goddamn people? Right that you knew before me. That's number one Number two, if you were raped, just ask me this. How many years ago was that that was in the 90s? That was in the 90s. Yeah Early 90s But not a man one of those rapists were even charged but Tupac went to jail True. So what do you think is what do you think the deal is there? It was political. It was bullshit She made the shit up and I think it was political just to get him in there because he was shooting cops and shit And that's and that's that's what that's what they wanted to do when one of us gets to uh, a certain position They did it with Mike Tyson. They ain't no way in hell. You're gonna tell me some shit about you going to somebody's room To play tiddlywinks at three in the morning And then and then I understand that's a big dude and she's a little girl But did he did he gag your mouth or something? Because I don't understand it wasn't like it wasn't like he was on top from what they said It wasn't like he was on top of it. He was eating her out Well now understand though sexual assault, you know No, no, no, that's still wrong. If it's not it's not consensual. That's not my point Okay, my point is when what position that you getting eaten out that you can't raise your mouth to say No, really loudly a help or some shit. Do we think about that? We have to think about that but I think again though We have to think sexual assault though is often more about control and and a mental manipulation and a lot of what the law is based on has to do with the perception of the person Being assaulted and very often it's not black and white. So I can't say, you know I will say this baby. I will say this we as women are responsible to not put ourselves in said situations However, it does not give the um The man or the other person the right to Step out of bounds But unless he said now, I don't think they came out in trial. I'm gonna pop you in the nose if you say something Come on But there are other there are other He wasn't threatening intimidation How it didn't come out in trial. That's what I'm saying. Oh, yeah, I did. You're absolutely right. Right, exactly Now if there was some intimidation, yes But from what I heard that wasn't there It sounded like willing participation and possibly a buyer's remorse if you will after the fact Maybe yeah, maybe he wasn't good with his tongue and Yeah, but in all honesty, I'm one that's really against Any kind of violence towards women unless you are protecting yourself, right or your loved one Right self-defense and you put yourself in that situation. I might knock you to a fuck out But just talking and shit. Well, you just gonna have to get the fuck on because I'm not gonna hit you But you're gonna get fucked around here. Yeah And I think that's how you deal with it. So that that's not even going to the extent of Uh sexual assault. That's even more about In my opinion, right and I would not be sad to see any guy go to jail if they actually perpetrated the crime My problem is is that these people get into positions and they are not Controllable and suddenly how everyone come up a rapist I just you know I'm saying like you can't get them on shit else You know I'm saying they did nothing else. They all rape. Come on. Gee That's that's that you know, there is a school of thought that says, you know, because bill was about to buy nbc that again this these kinds of stories were kind of uh manufactured from past events, um And made to be more than what they actually were Again, that's a key word because the first time he attempted to buy nbc. His son enus died. Yes. Yeah So that's again. How the hell every time you go to go to buy that goddamn TV station some shit happened, right? I mean that's something to consider. Yeah. Yeah, your son died the first time The second time you you don't rate 50 come on All right. So, um, what do you think about chicari Richardson's situation? Oh, I will I stand with chicari. I um chicari, uh, smoked marijuana knew the rules Still made the decision to smoke marijuana. Therefore, there are consequences that she has to pay I agree with the consequences because those are the rules of the olympics. Um, and you know, they're carrying it out fairly Um, and I I believe she's being accountable And and I there's a whole line. I will say, you know, I I I saw your post, um, where people were going Oh my gosh, they came after you didn't they know a couple of Idiots wanted to talk shit and that's fine You have the right to say absolutely Look, I will I will debate with you at any time But when you come on my page with some stupid shit, I'm gonna make you look like a goddamn fool And You don't tell me what the fuck the post on mine or how to talk on my fucking page. Right. It's my page You don't like it going your page and talk some shit. You talk over there You're gonna get the fuck off my page with that bullshit. But if you have If you have you don't have to agree with me, right And if you have an intelligent argument, then yeah, we can have a talk Here's the thing. I'm hearing come on here talking calling me talking about that shit. I will I will You shut it down. So I have to say But here's the thing. There are a lot of people a lot of black people I'm gonna just go ahead and say it that are saying, you know, it's only weed. There's no big deal This shouldn't be doing this. I feel them on that. Yes It's only me. It's not that big of a deal in my mind in the grand scheme of things. However I'm a very linear black and white person It is the rule. Therefore she has to abide by the rule and she is She has to experience the consequence of her actions. She didn't kill nobody. It ain't no big deal It wasn't steroid use. It wasn't performance enhancing because I don't care what kind of weed you smoke Whether it's indica or sativa. It's not going to make you run faster So Yeah, so That's what I said Yeah, I agree completely and I don't think her career is in any way over I don't think this is um, I listened to jamel hill a couple nights ago or last night And I don't believe it's the defining moment in her career either. I believe she will bounce back from this She's what 18 19 years old. She's very young. But yeah, I you know, she's she's Got a great future ahead of her. Yeah Listen, it isn't ridiculous. Yes. It's just weed However, that is what it is. It's in the books Now if you don't like it, you don't just go and do what the fuck you want to do You petition and do Whatever you have to do to get that taken off the books, right Now now here's the thing. She was dealing with uh, the passing of a loved one. I'm very compassionate about that Yes, and so The the question becomes is she mentally healthy enough to even be going to tokyo? That's a great question. She might not be ready Right, you know, she might need this time off You know I'm saying but she was just pushing through because You know, she didn't have a real grieving process, right, right This may give her the grieving process that she needs And then she can go back and do what she's got to do. So And to find out from a reporter that your biological mom has passed Whoa I believe her camp was probably trying to protect her and keep her mentally healthy But of course it got out and then the she gets it from a reporter. That's got to be devastating I can't imagine the emotional turmoil. She must have been going through Her people may not be they might not have been on top of it either. They might not have known Yeah, not yet. That could have been it. So it could have been either way. That's that's true I don't know what exactly happened. But yeah, but yeah, um, I wish her well But stop with the bullshit people. She did it Right. She owned it and that's what really changed my opinion of her And I'm happy that she she owned it the way she did Yes, and now I might actually root for her if if if things change and she ends up here in tokyo Or we'll be seeing her well apparently being that she accepted the suspension. She'll be back July 27th And that's in time for the relay So let's see what happens. Absolutely. Um I'll be rooting for a little bit just because I like it when you can admit you're wrong Absolutely Women women don't like to admit when they're wrong. I hear that a lot And I'm not gonna do the women men thing, but I think people don't like to admit when they're wrong That's at least the experience I've had in the workforce and in other places Is a thing I hate to be wrong If you know seriously people think that because I'm good at a debate That I just need to be right. No, I think that debates are healthy Because you may see something from a different perspective than I do Right, and if you do and you're able to convince me of it I've gained I've won even though I may have lost the argument technically. I've won because I've gained information. I've gained Exactly. Yes. I'm gaining knowledge. Yes. So I don't have a problem with saying that I'm wrong The problem is is that I think a lot Before I make statements So I've already had these rebuttals and everything in my head and if you are novice Please do not come around here With that bullshit because I don't want to eat you up because I've already thwarted thought it through So you have to be very good In order to do that. Yeah. Thank you for uh checking out the show and coming back Absolutely anytime and definitely check her out at the uncorked and conversation podcast It's a little early so she's not drunk yet not play Thanks King B pleasure to be here What's up ladies and gentlemen i'm King B and i'm mel roberson aka mel robb and we have a brand new podcast coming out July 6 called karmic cool It is the coolest place to hear everything that might be interesting in the realm of movies television film theater Comedy just fun stuff super hero stuff nerdy stuff I get to be a nerd with my friend. Hi buddy. He's a nerd anyway That's true But check us out and make sure you check us out wherever you get your podcast Comment cool if you want to check out some of our films you can do so at patreon.com Slash King B Raw Fusion Okay, so what do you want to say? I don't know what the fuck are we talking about today? What the fuck you're back on my show? I thought I got rid of you when you were in the choir coaches. I thought that was shit was over with Hey, man. Hey, you're fortunate lightning strikes twice in the same place. So There you go No, when lightning strikes twice it usually burns your ass Twice and so that's not a fortune or you get superpowers Hence our other show that's coming soon. There you go No, no, that's not that's not a good segue. That was that was amazing. That was amazing Don't fight it bro. Don't fight it. This is why um, some people take um Okay, I know you guys see that we uh Joke a lot and They are jokes I actually Think that this guy he's an inspiration. Let's say that you have someone who goes from the short bus growing up and turns out to be an amazon Best seller is fucking inspiration. That's that's that's not politically correct so So for you to talk about small children with disabilities um I'm not talking about small children with a disability. I'm talking about you and your dumb ass And look, he's actually Amazon best-selling author another thing this guy As funny fucking looking as he's always been he's actually pretty good on on on television as uh As a cop don't you? Yeah. I'm a side detective on Chicago PD. I thought she was five, oh Yeah, 12. So he's actually very convincing Is Is uh the police on uh television. So when people ask why would I actually um Have a co-host of another podcast When I have such a great podcast already you got to get somebody that's very very inspirational And this guy does clearly you're not Clearly you are far from that. Is that right? Well, I mean I just you know I've just had a very successful show on pps Myself and oh then bring back the show as a podcast and it's Successful as well, but you know, hey, maybe I'm not inspiring your types you know, I mean, you know me being handsome and intelligent and uh You know talented It's not as far as the leap that you had to go So I understand that I'm not as inspirational as you since you've had to Go such far bounds to be so much less but anyway, my co-host of comic cool Mel Rob is here On the show once again For whatever fucking reason he's here Yeah, it's it's so it's so interesting because I do all of these things. I do all of this personal development. I have a very extensive library I attend seminars I do my best to associate with with top-notch people I value the mentors And you always find a way to make my inner 79th street come out So I am the the perfect combination of book smarts and street smarts and you Have the uncanny ability To make me go back to My street side. So good morning Good evening. Good night Yeah Yeah As being a good actor as you clearly just saw, you know, he's actually acting like he's intelligent or about some shit Um, he's a very good actor. I will say that and I was having an interesting conversation yesterday And I'm not gonna say his name because actually he's uh, he's someone that I actually Can respect the things that he's done and even though you respect what people do Have done that doesn't mean you're always going to agree with them, right? but there was the question of What people will do and I told him that as a photographer, I don't shoot guys If it's for a movie that I'm doing or something a promotional Thing I'm a jig like that, but no guy come up talking about you want to be on some modeling shit Am I going to take the time to shoot? It just just doesn't it doesn't interest me And he proceeded to tell me that I probably I probably wouldn't be super successful back Then when he started um in the industry With that type of mindset But then I had to tell him that I correct frankly didn't give a shit because My thing was film and television Photography just was really like an artistic expression Outside of that like a bonus. So my goal was never to be To have my work on magazines It really wasn't hell. I was on the cover of magazine. So It really wasn't that wasn't my goal Depending I don't necessarily agree with that every everything can have an ish, right? So that's like saying well victoria secrets you won't be successful because you don't sell men's underwear No, what they chose to focus on was women's underwear and hone that craft hone that skill Tap into that market and that was their thing. That's what they are known for So there can be people that are known for certain things like if you are a children's photographer and you just shoot children Because you can make them laugh or capture moments or whatever. So I don't I don't necessarily agree With with the statement. I think anybody could be successful in anything that they want to do As long as they're willing to research the market and find out what it takes Well, I mean it does also inquire Intel thinking about what is success, you know, I mean there's different levels if we're talking about Just having an open business sure that makes money. Sure Anybody can do that if you're talking about getting to the heights of being on You know having your work on the cover or in magazines or whatever in the fashion industry Simply be because There's a lot of political shit that goes on behind the scenes of people who actually get to it. It's really not about the talent 99% of the time It's about, you know, you having talent and then playing A game but some people Play the game and pretend to be things that they're not Simply to To to make it in the game So I get what you're saying and that's what I agree with. Of course if I wanted I mean, I had a viable business people paid me, you know to do the photography. So That wasn't what he was talking about But it gave it got me into a mindset that's interesting you being Because me as a director a lot of times, um, I'm not available for other projects other than mine Simply because I'm working on something But there are times that I do ink out some time depending on the project. You are not a director. So, um, excuse me Hey, hey According to who? Okay. God damn. Have you done a movie? Yes. All right, but keep going though But that's not my primary. That's not my primary. That's what that's what I get. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute What no no, we got it. We got to go here a feature length film. No, actually a um a pilot We just did I was a director on a pilot that we just did. Well goddamn congratulations. I didn't know about you Although it's not a film director That's great. You didn't specify with an adjective. You said you're not a director Um, when I say director, I mean film director, you know, you can be a video director I'm not going to put you in the category of director when you're a director neither here going there Congratulations, by the way, that's a Feet and I tell people so difficult to do this shit that you really have to honor People who actually get some shit done. Yeah, hopefully it's good And I'm not talking about you Period. I hope hopefully it's good, but you kind of got to give them some kind of kudos Just for going through the process because this shit is very difficult and people don't understand that so Um, welcome to the club. Thank you. So there Um So because you're not a feature film director and you do a lot of being on the set As an actor only and executive producer Even when I'm not directing I was one of the executive producers. I'm not we're not gonna run down your credits I already gave you your burning points for the damn director. We're not gonna run down every goddamn credit I said you do a lot. I didn't say you Don't do anything else. But as an actor one said a lot Being on the set as only an actor Do you find that you feel pressure To do things that you probably normally wouldn't do no or take roles that you No, why? Because I know what I will do and what I won't do And there are plenty of actors to fill those roles that want to do Things that are important to them or will stretch them or whatever like I'm not desperate for work in the sense that I'm not going to take a job just because it's a role And if it's something that I think is good art or will stretch me or Something like that. Yeah, but if if it's something that compromises What I think my morals or values are my dignity or something like that then Yeah, I might not and that's just me, you know, I mean like like I want to make good art I don't want to be famous So I don't really care about making sure I take every role that comes my way because some roles are setbacks And chat with bozeman talked about this and I've seen Denzel talk about it too Right, every role is in zeal. Yeah every role is every role is not the right role for you Just because they offer it to you or they want you to take it, you know what I mean? So I'm I'm good on that if it's something that I don't like or don't think it fits me or whatever I'm straight. So as a For those who are actors Who are starting out? They are not getting people knocking down their doors. They're not getting phone calls What can you say to them that gives you the strength to be able to still pick and choose? Well, I think there are a couple of things, right? That that take place when an actor is starting their career and it and they have changed over the years The gatekeepers used to be the agents the casting directors The people that need to see us social media wasn't as popular So forth and so on Now with the access to the world that we have People can do their own skits their own monologues build a following And get on shows based off of The fact that they have a following or they have an entertaining personality Tabitha is an example. I believe she's this like super vegan. She's gorgeous too. She's on the show now But this like super vegan chick that would do all of these recipes and stuff and had this great personality And I've never known her to be an actor so I could be wrong She might have been an actor before but she ends up landing a role on the show Based off of who she is as an influencer and a personality and she does well She does have the personality to to do it as well. So if you are an actor that is Really working on your craft and you're you're reading the books and studying You don't necessarily have to have the formal education and go to an art school even though that can be helpful But but a lot of just the classes that you can take in the books that you can read and all the stuff on YouTube and all that if you're working on your craft You can make your presence known in the industry now easier than you could when I started years ago So doing your youtube videos having a presence on instagram doing skits Getting those out there and people seeing them That could be just as important as the other things And then you know what you want to be known for now I will take roles that that stretch me or that aren't the norm You know, I don't want to get typecast into being a cop and everything that I do So, you know, I've I've had roles that give me a range. I've been the bad guy in plays and films and shows I've been a drug dealer Um, I've been a guy that owns a chop shop. So I play I play around with the with the acting Uh, I It's really up to you to kind of carve out who you want to be in the industry And instead of just waiting for your break create your break and now is a good time for a break But we'll be back with more Raw Fusion right after this What's up ladies and gentlemen? I'm King B and I'm mel robertson aka mel rob and we have a brand new podcast coming out July 6 called comic cool. It is the coolest place to hear everything that might be interesting in the realm of Movies television film theater comedy Just fun stuff superhero stuff nerdy stuff I get to be a nerd with my friend. Hi buddy. He's a nerd anyway That's true But check us out and make sure you check us out wherever you get your podcast comic cool If you want to check out some of our films you can do so at patreon.com Slash King B Raw Fusion Looking at what's happening. They gave old boy shit for it, but at some point It's true and I know this is going to be crazy because we have a whole podcast coming out about this type of thing But we have to also ask ourselves how long is this shit going to last superhero movies are great. I love I love a lot of them How many When are we going to get stagnant there? You know what I mean? When is that going to stop? You know, we have to start looking for it as well And the question becomes how innovative can we get in superhero movies? And if that's the only thing that we have on the screen And there's no cultivation of an audience for anything other than that Where does our industry go once that hits the shitter because eventually People will get tired of seeing the same thing And if you can't if you can't put a different spin and continuously Put a different spin on it then what happens? What's fortunate is that since the pandemic is um, well people are coming out of it People just want to get the fuck out of the house, man So I think there's going to be a real surge It's beginning theaters are going to be over that that that survived are going to be able to recover And there may be some new theaters will open up or whatever But and at that point everything is on the table But once we get used to going back to the theater again, what are we going to have? Yeah, and I also think too like people do want to get out But I think there's there's going to be I don't know if the sir I think the surge will be the same people going to the theater over and over again Because they haven't been able to in so long. I'm not so sure and I think they're going to lose some crowd too Like like man to be able The film houses have seen we can do a theatrical release and do some stuff in the theaters But we could also charge people to watch this stuff at home And more people will watch it than Normal because the people that don't want to go to the theaters anymore Just gotten used to a particular type of lifestyle Like do I miss the big screen? Yeah, I do Do I have a nice projector at my house where the screen is big enough and surround sound and I can watch it In my boxers That's kind of cool too. Like, you know, I there we were having this conversation and A couple of my boys was like man date night at the crib was doped in You know going to the movies and getting popcorn and doing all of that other stuff because I got to control the environment and the atmosphere and you know the comfort of it and we can get We could really drink You know I'm saying because we don't want to be irresponsible and drink and try to drive home But we could really drink and enjoy so I think the theaters are going to make a comeback. Yes, but I think that that There's a shift just like we talked about shifting from dvds You know to being able to stream or whatever and not selling dvds or anymore anymore or whatever I think there's there's a shift in the the marketplace as well Where they recognize there's some market share that they could capture for the people that don't necessarily Want to go out. I think a lot of people were doing it just because it was the thing to do And if they if they had a choice, we didn't have a choice before Right, it was it was either, you know, wait for the bootleg man to get it We got to go to the theater to see it now for live theater. That's that's a whole different ball game But even live theaters started some streaming platforms Where these theater houses were doing plays and people could watch the plays from home So again, the elasticity the evolution the all of these things man It's interesting to watch a marketplace and see how it evolves over time and what the trends become And where people are going to make their money. So I'm here for that. I think that in a way That's why it's true, but it's not I think that it's going to it's going to pan out because Here's the thing there's something about going to a theater with people And I don't care how good your system is at home. It's not going to beat iMacs It's just not going to do it. So and then, you know Going there with maybe some friends or people with strangers. It's something about that. It's like, yeah You can watch I guess it's a little different, but Not much, you know, you can watch every sporting event at home as well Sometimes for free but people still buy tickets to go there to be at the at the at the games And even when they are like you look at the playoffs now and people can watch it at home But when the team is away they still go to to the stadium And stand outside or inside or wherever and watch the play on the jumbotron So they're always going to be people that want to be there Will it shift will some people like me probably stay home more and I can watch the movie? Yeah, but there still will be that movie if hollywood gets their shit together That you want to go to the theater and experience that because it is an experience You know, I I really i'm a filmmaker and it's hard to get me past My senses when it comes to the film and the film tricks But there's a difference when I watch a film at the crib Sound and everything doesn't matter and when I go to the theater and I'm walking out and I'm replaying it I literally if it's a really good film had to take five minutes before I start up the car because I'm I'm taking in And analyzing everything I saw there's something special about that I just had a picture Are you sitting on the hood of your car with your legs folded in a meditation stance? While you review the film in your mind and and uh the wind blows and butterflies fly by Ladies and gentlemen, this is the reason why I can't have a serious conversation with the city So we're gonna um, yeah Comic cool comes out July 6th 2021 Check it out wherever you get your podcasts, you know what I'm saying? Also, I'm still laughing Fuck off time to talk some shit With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast Well, there's a lot going on and the beauty about the world is that we have different opinions And if we're going to get to a point of understanding people need to feel like they can say What they need to say, but you must be respectful I engage in a lot of conversation with a lot of different people and they don't always agree with me Most of the time they don't until I point out something that They may not have thought of sometimes people point out things that I have thought of And then I'm grateful for that perspective But understand that the intelligent people know how to argue without being Stupid, you don't have to want to fight physically Just because people have a difference of opinion of yours. You don't have to try to personally attack People but then if you attack me, you know what I'm gonna do So I would caution you keep that shit to an intelligent level and we can have a conversation Don't try to take it anywhere else for your sake. I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion Raw Fusion