Well, this episode is definitely going to be wild. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B right here, and this is Raw Fusion. Alright, so this show is gonna be a little different, but kinda like the same. Normally, when I have a guest who is a musician, a platinum producer, a rapper, it would be a listening party, but this guy is not, not your average guy. At least for me. This guy is more like a brother to me than anything else. So, for the guys that recently celebrated 25th anniversary of telling people how to smoke weed in the middle of the barn, welcome Wildstyle from Crucial Conflict. What up, bro? What's up, man? What's up, B? What's up, B? What's up, my bro? You did? How you feeling, man? How you feeling? You good? I ain't teaching nobody how to smoke weed. Yo, I'm good, man. I'm good. Come on over here. Oh, my bad. Hey. Right. We gotta keep that, I don't know, hey in the middle of it. Look, man, you just celebrated 25 years, bro. The final tick, you know what I mean? And you know what? I don't think I've ever told you this. And I'm pretty sure you already knew it, but that is a brilliant title for an album. You know what I mean? The final tick, like we're about to blow up. You know what I mean? I don't think, I don't know if people all get it. And it took me, you know what? I knew about the album. I knew all this stuff even before we had met. And the final tick just never clicked in my head until one day I just, the final tick, damn, we're about to blow up. That's cool. Who came up with that concept? Well, we always, you know, we, you know, we are out west, you know what I'm saying? And we used to have a saying, you know what I'm saying? Whatever, whatever crew you with, we would say, you know, flit, you know, cruise to the world, blow up, you know what I'm saying? And that's how I started, you know what I'm saying? People used to be like, we solid to the world, blow up whatever it used to be, you know? We kind of, used to always say that. And then I guess, I don't know, we were just all sitting around and we just named it the final tick, you know what I'm saying? I don't know who actually said it, you know what I'm saying? But we had some, we got characters in our group. You should know that, you know? Yeah. So we came up with that title. And man, we ran with it because of how the music was. We made that final tick song, you know what I'm saying? We made the final tick song because we was like always playing Mortal Combat and all that type of stuff in the studio, you know what I'm saying? We would take turns, whoever in the booth, you know, off the game, when you get out the booth, you know what I'm saying? You get back on the game, everybody playing Mortal Kombat. And we was going up to the different levels, you know what I'm saying? That's why you went from, you had the voice of Mortal Kombat after every person verse, you go up a level, you know what I'm saying? And I was the final level, you know what I'm saying? And then we made the final tick because, you know, each one of us was about to blow up, you know what I'm saying? Now what people don't realize is that you went through a couple of different iterations of crucial conflict. Before it became the four guys that still to this day, 25 years later, you guys are still together. Right. Which you don't really, you don't really see that a lot. You know, there's not a whole lot of groups that stay together 25 years. Temptations don't even think lasted that long. So what do you think it is that. Wow. Well, you know, they kept pulling in members and pulling out members, but you still have the same four that was on that original album. What do you think that is, man? It kept you guys together. Oh, no. Okay. I'll tell you first, you asked me one question first, you asked me and went through different phases, right? Me and my group member, Kilo, I'll tell you our age right now, but anyway, back in the day, you know, my partner Kilo, you know what I'm saying? He was 87, man. We met up like three days after high school, when we got in high school, because everybody knew that I was DJing and he was rapping and, you know, I was into the rapping and Kilo took it kind of serious. He was already like naming this stuff in the rap group, you know what I'm saying? It was like Def Jam, Pasta this one, all of, you know, Def Jam was out in 1987 and all that, 86, you know what I'm saying? We was like, I was like a backup DJ, you know what I'm saying? Because I could scratch real good, man. And he had this other DJ named Rocky Cheat. And man, Rocky Cheat introduced me into, you know, the cutting, you know, because I was already making beats and stuff. I had little drum machines and all that, but, you know, we was making original shit, but Rocky Cheat knew how to, you know, cut return tables and shit. And like he would take a, you know, like a JB sample and he had just keep cutting and keeping the beat flowing. And on the same tempo was the drum machine, man. He used to cut, man. And I used to scratch real good. So, you know, we was like a duo, you know what I'm saying? Man, costar being a backup, you know, DJ with Kilo and everything, you know, he was taking it serious. And, you know, I was writing my rhymes and everything, but I didn't want to be like, you know, rap. I didn't really take rap serious. I was like, I used to rap, but I used to take it serious. But I had, you know, gotten some trouble as a juvenile, you know what I'm saying? When a juvenile for a while, then I came out. And then I took rap serious. And when I came back, you know what I'm saying? Me and Kilo was with the DJ, Rocky Cheat. And me and him were spitting and everything, you know what I'm saying? He's like, man, I think you know why I need to be together instead of you and the other guys he was with. So we agreed. And then we was like, well, we going to call ourselves, man. And we sitting up in the dark and my man, Rocky Cheat, he was like crucial conflict. And Kilo looked at each other. We was like, that's it. So he was the original DJ for crucial conflict. And it was just me, him and Kilo. And that went from, you know, he got in some mud, you know, trouble and everything. And then I pulled Q-Ball in as DJ assassin. You know what I'm saying? Because he used to scratch too. Because me and Q-Ball was DJing together since we was like 11 years old. So yeah. So Q-Ball, which I'll know as Q-Ball now, he was as the new DJ kind of preliminary, like not really actually, but he was like, you know, DJ scratching. It wasn't official then. Man, we used to do tennis shows everywhere. Man, we were shooting videos. Man, we was got them running into the pool hall, all the OGs on that, you know, from Chicago Avenue. You know what I'm saying? They knew we wrapped. So, man, every time they get a stack of fives or ones, man, they'll hand them to us. We going to the studio because everybody knew what we was doing. So it was like we was getting support from everywhere. And one of us wanted to see us do that, do the rap shit. You know what I'm saying? That went to one day, you know what I'm saying? Ah, Lil Cuzz and Lil Tony Gino, you know, they was in a little tennis show. And I saw something in them. And I wrote some rags for them because I wanted them to win a tennis show. They was a little shorties, man. And they could dance. And they got in a contest. And they won the contest. So I did it again. And I brought them out on stage until high school with them rock on the stage. And the crowd went crazy. Then another time, I said, you know what? I'm going to write them a rap with me. And then they wrote a rap. I wrote the rap, you know what I'm saying? They got out there and killed it, man. We started, man. People, we won so many tennis shows doing it. And it just formed naturally that I snatched them and poured them in a group because we was getting a lot of press and we was traveling, going out of town to different events like Jack the Rapper, D-R-E, I cannot be down. And it was just blowing up, man. It had a little rack of deal, man. We was playing on the radio all of Chicago in 1992, you know what I'm saying? And other spots. It was like a hood classic. And the DJ Pink House used to have us up there doing interviews, you know what I'm saying? This is out. Yeah, Pink House from, he was on, I think, Jam. You know what I'm saying? At the time, they was on the AM station, man. Rap radio. That shit blew up, man. Yeah, rap radio, yeah. But I was talking about the actual station, but they used to, man, you know, play our records and everything. But you know, as they started getting older and stuff, their mother wanted them to concentrate on school. So, you know, I let them, you know, go do their school thing, and then it was back in Kilo doing our thing. And Cole Hart is funny, man. Like Cole Hart used to be in this little four-side head called Poison Clan. He was with, he was rapping with my partner Amtrak. So I always, they always used to wrap off my beats and stuff, you know what I'm saying? And then never, he was in the neighborhood. He used to be like one of my first artists like I call myself being a producer. You know, I want to be like how easy them had, you know, NWA with DOC. And he had a bud of law and all these different people. And I was trying to form the same shit. So Neville was with these little cats and they was one of my first group that I had. So somehow Cole Hart moved to our neighborhood now and that next thing, you know, him and Neville introduced each other and they became a little group, a clique. And they was coming up to the studio with me in Kilo and then, you know, we started doing songs together. I had auditions and everything and this, then the other. I tried to get them around. They didn't like how they rapped and all this, then the other, but I recorded songs anyway because I had my own hood. I put it together and everybody heard it and it was like, man, y'all should become a group. And I talked to Cole and them about it. And we was thinking of a name and Cole and it was like, man, we could stay crucial conflict, man. You know what I'm saying? I always wanted to be in the group. You know what I'm saying? So that's how they get in the group. And they've been with us ever since. 25 years later. It's basically, you guys just basically came up together. So it's like more than just business. It's like, you know, you guys are real. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's the. Yeah, yeah, that's how, that's how I really went down. You know what I'm saying? It was like, we was all around each other and it just formed like that. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't just business. It wasn't just business. Yeah, that's dope. That's dope. But we got to take care of some business. So we'll be right back with Wildstyle of Crucial Conflict right here on Raw Fusion. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at Patreon.com slash King B. You know what's important? Like you're saying that there's some of the guys around the neighborhood was giving you little tools and fuses to keep you going until you got to a point where you know what I'm saying, you go off and get your own shit and keep it moving. That is something that I keep preaching, man. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes it's the motherfuckers that surround you that get you started and then you can blow up and get motherfuckers outside of the way. But sometimes you got to support at home and that's really important, man. That support starts at home. Yeah, those cats, man, like all the hostels and pips and all that, man. They used to come and see us perform. It was like, man, y'all got so much talent. Like they was really in it. They didn't even want us out in the streets. They was like, man, y'all too cold. Like they really used to see it, you know what I'm saying? So they knew we was about to jump up. We had jumped off the porch, you know what I'm saying? And they ain't want us out there. They ain't really want us out there hustling. Because they was like, y'all too talented, man. Like they, you know, so they'd rather give us their money instead of us getting down. And it'll be at least 10 or 15 people. You know, they was really into it. You know, we used to be at the Poo Hawa. They shooting thousands on the table in the back. You know what I'm saying? All type of, you know, like all type of gangsters. Like, you know, I can't really elaborate, but it was the real deal, you know what I'm saying? Because we come up under the real fold. And, you know, we did our little thing, but they really didn't loan us to, you know. That's important. They were supportive, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, there's a lot of people. A lot of people, man, you hear that story over and over in Chicago. It's like, you know what I'm saying? Even basketball players and everything like, nah, man, you ain't finna do that. You finna dribble that basketball, or you know what I'm saying? You finna get on that mic, or you finna do this, that and the other. You ain't finna come out here with us. So, man, shout out to brothers like that, man. You know what I'm saying? Whatever they did is whatever they did, but at the same time, and that's what people don't get, man. There's a lot of good in the hood, even though we can say whatever about whatever, there's still a lot of good in the people in the hood, man. That's why I love my people in the hood, man. Yeah, shout out to Ray Ray. You did. Kenny Steele, Jojo, Uncle Dose, you know. Yeah. You did. It's like, it's almost like foresight. I never told you this. Before I had really met y'all, you know, it's something I forgot who it was, but I met a couple of y'all when I was starting out at the club, some club. I don't remember. I just remember meeting you guys. Well, not you. I don't think you were there, and I don't want to say who because, quite frankly, I don't remember who. Right, right, right. I remember, you know, I came up and said, you know, I'm King B, I do this at the third, and you know, it's like, okay, you know, and it just left it there. Then Parrish Lewis was a good friend of mine. He's a photographer in Chicago. He just so happened he would be moving around. He had several little studios, so he moved around and we actually shot part of intimate friends at one of his studios, and then he moved to another studio, which is another location. He was cool enough to, you know, for me to come in and shoot. So now I had a whole other location to shoot at, you know what I'm saying, for free. So shout out to him for that. And then boom, so then there used to be a studio where he was up top, and you had a studio in the basement. And that's where by that time I had done my TV show, I had a couple of movies out. And my name was buzzing a bit, you know what I'm saying, within the industry. So I think y'all might have kind of known, I think you might have kind of known who I was already. No, I actually didn't know, because it was, you know, me, I'm a lab rat, I always got my head in the studio. I was working on so many acts and different things. So I didn't know, you know what I'm saying? You work, but you let me know you work. You know what I'm saying? Well, yeah, I mean. You let me know. Yeah, but the thing I didn't tell you is, I want to say it was a few years earlier, and I don't even remember who it was, but I remember sitting talking to some motherfucker and we was talking about how cool it would be if our Chicago artists did something like they was doing over at Death Row, where they was doing kind of like, they was doing more than just music videos. They was ad-known and doing skits and all that shit in between. All that shit, you know what I'm saying? So after we became cool, one of y'all knew who I was. I knew that, because there was a DVD somewhere in the studio and I know I didn't give nobody no goddamn DVD. So it got there somewhere, or maybe it was one of the people that was around it knew. We were in the studio one day, we had become cool and shit, and I actually spent probably more time down in y'all studio than I was hollering in Paris upstairs, and you was playing some shit. You was like, we finna do this, which is kind of the thing that I had thought about like a couple years before. I was like, well, who's gonna direct it? You know what I'm saying? He's gonna run out there and shoot it. And I'm like, nah, bro. Nah, I should be the one directing that, man. And he was like, you wanna direct that shit? Dude, I remember the conversation because the shit was cold. Because you played me the tracks, you know what I'm saying? And I was like, yeah, I wanna direct it. Oh, yeah, yeah, the set up. The set up, yeah, that's what it was. And then we ended up doing the set up, man, which to this day is still giving views, bro. You know what I'm saying? Motherfuckers still talking and leaving comments and shit. It's crazy. I was trying to be ahead of the curve, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, I knew that the internet was about to kick off and I was thinking of something that I could warm the city up with to introduce the new album that we were coming up with. And I just wanted to keep their viewership into us every week. So, you know, that's when I came up with the idea of the set up and everything that came up with like a musical to where we were interacting and just rapping out, you know. Like, we were verbally giving you a picture and then you came with the visuals, but we actually, you know, came up with the words to actually describe storytelling. Paint the picture, yeah. So you can see it and visualize it at the same time. Everything we say, you know what I'm saying? And that's really what people don't understand when they approach me about doing music videos. If I don't see the shit while I'm listening to it, that's why sometimes it takes me time because I got to sit down and I got to listen to it. If I don't see it, then I'm like, I'm not the one who directed it or just not. Like, some music just automatically you start seeing visuals. You know what I'm saying? It sounds crazy, but, you know, you just start seeing it. And this was so, the wordplay was so flushed out to where, I mean, you could see it while they were seeing it. I mean, it was really easy. You could see it. So I was like, yeah, man, I already got the visuals in my head. You know what I'm saying? Let's go. And then we did the setup. You know what I mean? And it was pretty cool. You know what I'm saying? You guys had the music already done for the four chapters this out. And I just came in with a couple of words in the middle for the actors to say, grab some actors. And we went and shot that motherfucker, man. And that shit is still classic today. You know what I'm saying? And that was really, I think, our real first time working together, man. You know what I'm saying? Right, right. Yeah. No, it was, it was, it was dope, man. I had, I wanted to keep it going. You know what I'm saying? But I always wanted to shoot a movie. I kept starting movies and stopping them because, you know, that was, that's what I wanted to graduate to movie producers. But I will different things like that. So I tried a few things. So if anybody wants to know, I did, I was going through some shit, life started happening. And I had to step away for a minute. And then I actually stepped away to do ROOST because life started happening. And I needed to make some shit happen. And then after I got done with that, I came back and you guys were already, you know, in the midst of promoting the album. So it never, it never got finished. So if anybody wants to blame anybody, just blame me. And, you know, but, you know, you know, it's all good, man, you know, I mean, what happened? It's life though. It's life though. But the craziest part about that is when, you know, we started working together and then, and that made us even more cool because then I was, then I had the reason to be there every day at the studio. You know what I'm saying? And just seeing how you work, you know, you do like two, three, four tracks a day. You know what I'm saying? And just watching you do what you do. And then, you know, I have some musical inclination. So I would be thinking, okay, you're going to go that way and you go a whole another way and it works. I'm like, wow, I never would have thought of that. When you started out, it was kind of like a bounce. You know what I'm saying? I think even Timberland shouted you out for being inspirational to him with the different type of sound that you came up with. Were you trying to come up with a sound or was it just something that just naturally came from you? Yeah, naturally, it just naturally came, man. You know what I'm saying? It's like, you know, when I got in the game, yeah, that was like, that was like, we released that album in 1996, but you know, I recorded some of the music in like 94. And we had a deal about 95. We had a deal and then it came, it was released in 96, you know what I'm saying? So the album has been produced, but I have been producing for 10 years before that. And then I come up playing drums, you know what I'm saying? I'm a DJ and all that. I knew how to work equipment up in the studio since I was in, like, you know what I'm saying? I've been in studio, you know, like before it was Pro Tools, before it was any of this, you know, technology, new technology that's out besides, you know, synthesizers and all that, you know. And, you know, we was recording on two-inch tape reels. You know, the style we were spitting, man. Like, I already knew what type of music to put to it because I just got so, I got so many layers I could go to. And by me being a DJ, you know what I'm saying? From Chicago, we listen to, you know, house music and stuff. So we move, you know, you got to move at a certain beat per minute to make us dance, you know what I'm saying? Because a lot of Chicago people didn't like rap, man. Like, Chicago didn't like rap, man. I didn't have people like LLQJ come up to me and tell me, like, what happened, man? Like, how did y'all get Chicago to like rap like that? You know, some people like the rap that everybody did. And it's like, you know, we turned on W.M. Mets or something. There's a party outside, you know what I'm saying? You know, people, you know. So all those different patterns and rhythms and stuff were still in my head. So I was able to just think and paint a picture and the type of piece I came up with, you know, some of the digging and digging and the craze. Some of the black exploitation films and stuff, like across 110th Street and all that. I used to listen to all that type of stuff. Curtis Mayfield and different people that were testers and everything because I come up around, we smokers and this and the other. And that's how, that's what they used to play. You know, you know, when I know we got our chance to show the world what we could do. I was about to hit them with, I was about to hit them with it. You know what I'm saying? Because now I was going to be on a bigger platform and I knew what was happening. You know what I'm saying? Because we had a lot of things bubbling up that got me exposure. So I knew what to do just period and I knocked that out and I was like, quit man. Knocked that out and I was like, quit. You know, my group didn't even know. You know what I'm saying? Kilo knew. Kilo was like, I don't know at least why. You know what I'm saying? Because he knew what I could do. Because we, you know, I've been sampling for years. By the time it comes for us to get on the main stage, I was ready. You know what I'm saying? I was ready. Right, right, right. I was ready. So yeah, I came up with that just out of my head. They ain't about to tell me nothing because I was the OG on the beat. Around, you know, for the rap shit. You know what I'm saying? So I was ready. Yeah, you're right. I remember distinctly, man, I think it was V103 or something. They like, you know, we're making commercials about how you're not going to hear any rap on our station and this kind of thing. It was a pushback, man. You know what I'm saying? And then it came up with 950 Rap Radio, which was an AM station. And we all just started listening to the AM station because I remember back in the day, we would listen to, I don't know if you guys got it on the website, but we would listen to WHBK. HBK, Kennedy King, Carter, CRX, yeah. Because guys being hip-hop is, you know, we knew where it was cracking. We used to go do those interviews up in there before we was national. So yeah, we knew about it. Everybody didn't know about it. I used to get on the train on the air train. I used to go outside, you know what I'm saying? And I used to hang out there, you know what I'm saying? And they put me up on it. And I knew about it because, you know, they was big, they was playing hot mixes on those stations too. And they played rap, you know what I'm saying? Because I knew a lot of the, you know, black-eyed chief on the South Side, you know what I'm saying? He was cool with my family, you know what I'm saying? I used to, you know, go to all the different events I knew about, you know, rap and take. Great, all these different legends and stuff that used to rap. And we was like those shorties that was coming up under them, you know what I'm saying? That took rap series that spread to the seas. So we got the seas by seeing people like them, you know what I'm saying? Doing it on a local level, you know what I'm saying? And to me, they was doing it big. They was, you know, they was our OGs to us, you know what I'm saying? Show Shock and Shine, you know what I'm saying? I remember being in the Adi home, you know what I'm saying? With like rappers like Tentrape. And they was like, can you cold? You know what I'm saying? And they was folks from our South and all that, man. I, you know, that's back, they'll say the size of them and then our local homie, you know, even, you know, Twister, you know, you turn Twister in and, you know, coming in was coming up and everybody was bubbling, you know what I'm saying? But ain't nobody never had a breakout record, you know what I'm saying? In the city back then, you know what I'm saying? So we was like, you know, besides our sister, the rap, you know, she had got her deal, you know what I'm saying? But, you know, our shit was like kind of homegrown, you know, I respect everybody, you know what I'm saying? That put on and laid the foundation. In the city, even though people don't know it, though some of those people, because they never got a chance to go national or the resources or whatever it may be. But we still show them respect to this debt, you know what I'm saying? Like cash is deep, you know what I'm saying? All them old cats like that, you know what I'm saying? They laid, they laid groundwork. Yeah, cause it's like hard to fathom now because rap is like everywhere, you know what I'm saying? But back then, man. And the thing about HBK. You can count them on your hands. Yeah, yeah. You count them on your hands. And the thing about HBK, which I finally after, you know, I got whatever notoriety, then they invited me to do interviews as well. But I remember, you know, you'd have to get like the antenna on the radio and shit and try to find the right spot. You know what I'm saying? To actually catch the station. Yeah. And you are, when you are, you know what I'm saying? I can't forget about them. So you're born Wildstyle, go back. I ain't just no, you know, like I'll say west side, they try to divide the town west side, south side and all that shit, man. It's the matter of fact, we near west, man. We ain't divide the whole like that. Right, right. Although we do talk a little shit, but I got people on the west side. Yeah, y'all, you be on that. You be on that. I'll be on that. I'll be on that. But I do have a lot of people on the west side. You know what I'm saying? I fuck with the west side, but I'm going to talk some shit because it's kind of like, you know, when you go to the basketball court, it ain't funny unless you talk a little bit of shit. You know what I'm saying? So that's where it is. But I love my people on the west side. You know what I'm saying? I dated a few beautiful young ladies on the west side too, so I can't never, you know, hate on the west side. But yeah, that was the thing, man. It wasn't until rap radio hit, then it did so well because we found that shit some kind of way and motherfuckers was listening to music on an AM station that really sounded like shit but motherfuckers was bumping it because it was an AM station. You know what I'm saying? It sounded like shit, but motherfuckers was bumping it and then that's how it was. The cow's first lady. Yeah, rest in peace, pink cows too. They really built it up and then the FM station started to say, okay, we better hop on this shit and that's how it started to, you know, resonate in Chicago. Shout out to all those people you named. Oh yeah, and I got this shout out too. We had an era, we had an era in Chicago, you know what I'm saying? Where DJ Fast Eddie came over with hip house and they was rapping over house beats, you know what I'm saying? And they had featured a Sundance and all that. So yeah, so that combination of that era of hip house and rapping everything probably kind of shaped some of the style that I did not even knowing it just popped in my head. I can't forget that era, you know what I'm saying? Because that's what we partied to, you know what I'm saying? And we was trying to get on way back then, you know what I'm saying? Like they knew of us, they knew of us as rappers but you know, Fast Eddie, they was on the radio and all that already and shit. So we like used to listen to them and used to walk down the street trying to find out why he lived standing in front of his gate. You know, we used to walk in to hear us and all that. You know what I'm saying? That was crazy. Yeah man, it was the Wild Wild Wild Wild West back then. You know what I'm saying? You was trying to get on how you could get on, you know what I'm saying? I remember you talking about 87 so I think I wrote my first rhyme in 88. You know what I'm saying? I just never, I never really, because Rock Kim was the one. Rock Kim and actually Kane. Because Kane was cool, had the females and shit. So that was my thing. You know what I'm saying? But Rock Kim's lyrical delivery and what he was saying was just phenomenal and at that point up leading up to it, I knew basically I could rap his raps. You know what I'm saying? Word for word for a bunch of songs and I'm like why don't I put the pen to paper? You know what I'm saying? See what I could do. But I wasn't, I was good but it wasn't something that kept me going. You know what I'm saying? I was also singing and then movies came along and there was a rap from there. I stopped singing, rapping, producing all that bullshit when music, when movies came along. But you know, I had a manager and everything. You know what I'm saying? But I was going to be more the singer and then maybe do a little rap breakdown like they used to do back there. But that movie thing, man. First time I got on set, it was over with. You know what I'm saying? But right now, this segment is over with. But we'll be back with more Wildstyle on Raw Fusion. I was watching Scarface and Willie D. Recently they were talking about music today. You know what I mean? With the verses and all that kind of shit that's going on there is a resurgence of interest in 90s music but they were saying that and they were out there too pretty big ghetto boys. They were saying that, man motherfuckers don't really, they not finna buy some new shit from the artist. You know what I'm saying? They finna say, okay you wanna hear some real hip hop and Willie D was like they gonna dust off the record or whatever it is and play the old shit that they did but he didn't feel confident that they would be receptive to new shit coming from them. Well how do you feel about that? Well I mean they have a point you know what I'm saying? Because of the style that they was doing because of the type of beats that they picked you know sometimes you know you got your fans they hear you coming up with a song and they kinda put you in a box to where this is what we want from you this is what we like to hear we wanna hear some of that Mr. Mr. Scott face but at the same time it was teenagers listening to that music back then you know what I'm saying? And it was younger people and a few older people they really didn't you know get off to it but you gotta think man music man is gonna always change it never stop changing you know what I'm saying? So yeah James Brown complained about the same thing everybody in the music era if you listen to some eyes and brothers you can see when they thought the game switched and they started doing more electronic sound and music trying to keep up with the young people you know what I'm saying? But we all appreciate you know voice to Atlantis and all that we feel they can still make that music that they made back then and we see Mr. Big came back out with R. Kelly what he did he changed the sound he got with a producer that understood both eras you know what I'm saying? His era and made it more present you know to what was going on and R. Kelly came up with the gunboat for Mr. Big to come back now he got a stepping racket right now and he just did the verses and people partying to it to this day and he older than he about to be 89 and like whatever he up there so what I'm saying is you got to find a way you can't you know you can't be like an old rapper you know what I'm saying? they're sitting up there listening to the new stuff you listen to you know it's kids dancing off this so you gonna tell them don't dance off this this ain't real dance off this this week man we ain't doing that we ain't doing the book of Lou we ain't break dancing and all that shit no more like as a whole you know that he had his turn times don't time ain't been a stop for you man you know I'm pretty sure back in the biblical days they would just be no rocks to shit making music you know it's a difference different now so in order for the older kids to come up they got to kind of you know change the foundation what they doing it on so like if you like stuff that you used to sample go grab a band pool of men if the drums hitting like this now you got to change them drums and make them hit like this you know you got to make them hit different they used to be they used to mix records different back then and everything it's just a whole new sonic sound and actually I give some of these young cats a lot of props because to me you might call them mama rapping this computer this and the other but at the same time it's original and New York mostly every hit record they ever had was off the sample record and whereas the people that they used to sample from got a will for it it's like nah we want some money right now you know I'm saying we need to get paid like this so it kind of shut they whole era down it's shut they whole era down and then you got cats and you know in a world in Chicago you know coming up with original music and people dancing too so if you in the end of the day you make music for people to listen to or dance to you know what I'm saying like at the same time some music make you dance some people make you know you might listen to Marvin Gaye nodding your head like it's different stuff so you know I can't you know I never got off into that man I stay I stay around the music I stay around the music you know one day I got the privilege to work in the studio with a person that my daddy them used to rave and rave about I got to do a song with a person that I sampled some of his music it was Mr. George Clint you know what I'm saying Mr. George Clint I got to kick it around you know boosie gray hairs and all these different type of people out green and all that and I got to talk to them man and them brothers respected me because of you know my knowledge of what they was doing and appreciation for what they was doing but at the same time I'm still coming up I'm doing my arrow they do it they arrow and they hit you George Clint gave me some game he said man he said wow stop he said you want to keep these people don't get off into that old stuff don't get to you know don't get off into trying to stay true to yourself he said that's how you know how to make music he said follow the boot he said follow the bootie whatever way they booty music whatever way they booty is moving that's how you make the music you got to follow the boot and I never forget that and I gave y'all some free games from the OG do you think that when you're moving into like doing something different that you or do you feel like you get backlash because if some people just want you to keep doing the same old shit over and over again you know what I'm saying I mean you know what it take time because people going to get all the same people that's complaining they listen to this young shit they listen to everything that they complain about that's how they know if they ain't know it they probably don't listen to it every day but if they want to play you know if they want to play they arrow by they suffer just listen to that and just tap away from the world because they feel like you know they so true to what they did to where they ain't giving nobody else a chance that's on them you know what I'm saying that's on them because you gonna have grandkids kids they gonna play that music and you gonna say put on that 45 put on that 33 you know what I'm saying they ain't finna keep with it unless they grew up under and they can appreciate it because of the good times that you had with them all this music is just a time signature that you could go back to that era and picture what you was doing at that age doing at that time like our era there's people like man we used to do this man this are high school stuff man we used to you know man we all music came on that's what they that's what they got and some of those people still come to the concert today but artists like me I'm blessed because guess what some of these kids don't know that they being born and they it's like when you was a shorty you probably said oh I grew up off Michael Jackson but Michael Jackson grew up off somebody and you would probably think that's the direction to go I'm gonna be like Michael Jackson so a lot of people these kids right now they don't know that they parents was playing our music in a house and now when I look at them I'm like that's a rendition of me these people these shorties is bouncing and they got energy they don't know at a time this wasn't in music and I happen to be one of the person that brought that to the game so really a gate is open for me because they doing me in a sense they on rendition but they don't know because that was the music that was out and they just adapted what was out and they just made what was cracking you know I'm saying and artists like me versus you know Scarface and them and all that what they said they got moving moving to that type of music no more moving to those sounds moving to those you know type of drums that they was rocking but I bet you Scarface and them still got something to say I bet you they still I bet you they still got something to say and if they had the right production and all that behind them these shorties would be like the old cheese popping that shit they giving us game and they can hear that shit they the moved over to this room they got a podcast now so you know what I'm saying I guess that's way I guess that's how they're going to talk and then Willie D been doing his thing on on YouTube for a minute now but now them too they have a podcast but you know when you were saying that when you were saying that you know it's brilliant just like Usher and Summer Walker and I really really liked that song but basically they took an old Usher song and flipped it you know what I'm saying and made a new song out of it and a lot of these young and cats especially in the R&B game they taking a lot of the 90s music and using that and flipping it you know what I'm saying and I just thought it was brilliant that Usher keeps riding that wave okay well you want to use this that's cool I'm going to be on the verse and we're going to do a whole new verse and you know flip it like that so there's ways you know what I'm saying to stay quote unquote relevant but I tell you just like this you know what I'm saying like when we were shorties we sample stuff that our parent used to dance to and everything so they heard Ice Cube today was a good day they was like they be dancing that's the opposite of this so they was able to get into it and then we knew it and then we the parents they stopped and what we used to listen to that's how you keep doing it then when they get to a certain age they might sample like Beyonce anymore whoever it may be they might sample something like that it's going to keep moving because now you bridge and two arrows together you know the young and the old so like Ozzy brothers and them and they 80s now some of these kids don't know that like if I go sample some of that old shit like that with that funk some of them ain't going to get it you know like what is this shit but if they heard their grandmother them playing nice and slow up in the house or something like that they mama playing house and slow playing usher or anything and now they in the studio and they make a beat of nice and slow or do or die or whoever it may be they you know what I'm saying they going to appreciate it and we going to appreciate it because that's going to bring back our memories and they going to make new memories because it's still at the age you know of being old and new at the same time and then it's going to fade out it's just different arrows you know what I'm saying and you got to know how to jump the arrows I can't get with that old shit I say classic I can't get with that old shit to me it's still not old but you know what I'm saying I say classic I say old because Goddamn it's old because you wild stuff I ain't finna putting those Zena TV in my front room when everybody got flash screen I'm not finna go put on some goddamn karate shoes that we used to wear in the 80's you know what I'm saying time out these classic you know what I'm saying that shit old what in the hell made you call yourself Wildstyle bro man from break dance you know what I'm saying you know I used to do every goddamn move and it went down and uh actually the brat got a cousin cause we used to break dance together and uh I think they named me Wildstyle and then later I found out you know what I'm saying it was a movie I'll call Wildstyle and so ironic my name was Wildstyle as a break dance as a rapper and I saw the movie and then uh we had a racket deal man to where we was on this record label called Palace Rackers and Fab Fab Freddy was in the movie Wildstyle and he kinda helped produce the movie and everything and it was uh a movie about the elements of hip hop you know it just hit everything about hip hop up in the movie and I like this feel I'm the manifestation of the movie you know what I'm saying I'm the manifestation so I kept it it's an old name Wildstyle I ain't nothing sweet you know it's an old name but guess what it it matches me because my shit gonna keep growing I'm like wild it's free to me you know when someone's out there wild it's free and you got to be able to be free with what you do you know what I'm saying so I'm free with what I do I make I'ma come up with a style every time I put on a song every time I make a beat it's gonna be his own style cause I'm Wildstyle you can't contain me you can't tell me what to do or put me in a box you know what I'm saying you wild alright for sure you can't put me in a box I'm not doing it it's organic and if y'all didn't know I did do a song or John Blue and I got a line in there that kinda shouts him out over the cover so push up that you would be calling me wild wild is this dude he came to see me when I was in the hospital a couple of times this shit for us is not I mean you on this podcast and all this bullshit and that's because I'm celebrating people that I know you know what I'm saying and I've got people that I knew from elementary schools that's doing shit all kinds of people to people that motherfuckers may know on the show but it's more about the fact that you know when I say you're like a brother to me you are you know what I'm saying this shit is way deeper than movies and music and all this other bullshit that's just some shit we do you know what I'm saying we love doing but you know what I'm saying it's some shit that we do but bro I really consider you like a brother to me you know what I'm saying and man and we can we can talk we have talked way longer than this but I know you got shit to do but I'm glad that you actually came on the podcast I had to twist your arm a little bit but uh you know this part of the game man all of like the social media and all that man I ain't really I really haven't died into it man like I know you know I like creating man I'm just like doing the business having behind the scenes and I really try to separate you know my life with the music business because you can't just live through the lens of the music it's like it's other stuff going on in this world right now you know what I'm saying so you just can't live through one lens from that perspective I done lost a I done lost a lot of people I done did a lot of shit chasing this music and it's more to life you know everybody else can't understand it and with me I'm just you know uh I'm just a real person man I don't cap I ain't never cap I ain't never whatever that word I don't never cap you gonna see everything that I go through as you know me and you gonna see how true I stated to myself and other people and that's what it's about you know what I'm saying because you know I don't take it for granted and it's like my journey and I want to be a testimony for somebody else like I get a hit racket again which I know I'm gonna hit I want the people to know that they can do it again too so that's what that's that's my whole thing you know I'm saying I'm the underdog I want to you know I went through my life went through my path went through my ups and downs you know and I'm still here blessed you know with my sons you know I'm saying to my family my true friends I don't take it for granted because I respect people that do talent and if I see something in them I'm gonna try to encourage them and pull it up out of because I know where they trying to go and I know what they doing and it's a lot of people you know it's all they got it's all they know that's what they love and it's probably what they can't here to do so I'm gonna be one of those person that's gonna encourage you know and I'm a real person I don't like being around Trump you've done a lot of that but I never took it personally because like I said I know you you know what I'm saying I'm not talking about know the persona of you I know you I remember when we were doing your EPK and damn you had to twist your arm and do your own damn EPK interview because you didn't want to do this shit you know what I'm saying so when the first time I knew you I never took it personally because I know you you know what I'm saying but of course I'm gonna be persistent and you know me right no I know that's why that's why we deal with each other you know what I'm saying you know what I'm saying and we don't talk shit and I'm gonna get on your ass too you have and I got right and I get right back on your ass and you know what I appreciate motherfuckers don't understand man that when you real cool y'all may say some shit you know what I'm saying it's always in respect but you know what I'm saying the other motherfuckers don't like or don't agree with that don't mean y'all ain't cool you know what I'm saying or that the other person don't have another perspective we spent time on the phone man you telling me I should be doing this and I'm like I don't want to do this you know what I'm saying or I'm telling you you should do this and you're like I don't want to do that you know what I'm saying that's what we do you know what I'm saying but that's what brothers do you know what I'm saying it's some fake phony shit then we wouldn't be able to talk we don't have no snake shit though you know what I'm saying we got to say to each other straight up in the face and if you know what I'm saying if it was some fake phony shit we wouldn't speak our minds like we do you know what I'm saying and that's what motherfuckers don't understand they just trying to be around trying to be cool and I told you I remember when we really started becoming cool after we were working together or whatever you know I don't want you trying to be cool with Wildstyle and you know what I'm saying you guys are cool with me I remember those conversations I'm like bro I don't give a fuck you know what I'm saying because I'm like I know a lot of people in this industry and I just simply don't fuck with them because I don't like them as people you know what I'm saying but you mean to you stop hey man hey look bro I appreciate you man nothing but much success man and you know what I'm saying you know I'm here whenever you need my assistance or whatever we're going to work together or whatever but you know what I'm saying I'm just closing this shit out for the show I'll probably be hollering at you in the next couple of days anyway what's up what's up man and I want you to finish filming man finish filming man you got it man you don't cross my path man you know what I'm saying in life if you ain't about that business so I know you're about that business you know like I said I want to end it at this man I try my best to be humble it's a straight balance in that because I know it's a thin line you know what I'm saying I can move it under the goofy reckless shit and I try my best to stay humble so it ain't easy being in my position because I can do whatever but I would like these youngers out here on the street in my city that's the sort of music or just growing up in life man listen man I know it don't seem like you don't live past a certain age because of what's going on in the streets and the reality that child dealing with and maybe people like us left y'all to fend for y'all self in that thing man but we trying to correct it man and we don't want y'all out here dying man too young not in despair you know coming up in this system coming up with every all the trials y'all got to go through because we didn't know we could make it either man and I just want all the youngers out there to know man that y'all ain't got to spares out on each other like that man go find you a mentor go find you somebody to teach you something different and like get around some positive people that's going somewhere that's going to keep you alive you know I'm saying or that you could you know take a pause for the car because I hate waking up every day in the city that I grew up that was much fun now it's like it's a whole other reality out here but man you know it's going to take some of the old G's some of the adults some of the young G's whatever they got a head on their shoulders bridge the gap man so we could get our community back man because right now it's everybody for themselves man you know and we need to do something in the city man to help the next man besides just helping our cause it don't hit you to the hit your dope stuff and we don't want it to hit your dope stuff you know I'm saying line tell them like you know they know what I'm doing if they need my help in anything and pursuing what they trying to pursue I'm there you know I'm saying any shorty I come across I try to give them some real real information can't tell them what to do I feel kind of guilty because I came up in the same environment doing the same type of stuff but at the same time I was able to pull myself up and I knew some of the root I know some of the pathways that got me there that's having respect respect to take you a long way and I need y'all to understand what respect is and go learn that man respect the next person it's simple like that just have respect for yourself and for us that's gay it's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast well ladies and gentlemen you heard him and he's right it is time for me to get behind the camera again and do another film and I am working on one right now in which I might need your help actually I do we're doing a movie about mental health it's very important after going through some challenges myself I felt like this is the project that I should be doing next to help people who went through similar and probably worse situations than I did so I set up an Indiegogo I just kind of started a campaign before but ended it quickly because Indiegogo allows you to give incentives to those who give and I thought that was important to be able to give back even to the ones that donate to the project so if you search mental the movie and then I think if you put it in there it's also on there mental health you can go in there check it out and donate to the campaign and it's much appreciated and I thank you in advance I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion Raw Fusion