It's the season finale, wrapping up season five. And we've got a great show planned for you today. Yep, it's Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up, ladies and gentlemen? King B right here. And this is Raw Fusion. So, it's a huge bag or a summer. But anyway, work with me here. I was over someone's house. And a woman walks in. Very voluptuous woman walks in. And she sits down. And she starts talking a whole lot of shit. And in the course of all this shit talking, I started to see something. So, I decided that I was going to do another film. And this film was called The Penis Dialogues. I invited her to be a part of it. And even through that process, we ended up becoming friends. And I was over now, her house. And then the setup began. Unbeknownst to me, she had got on the phone and called someone else. And invited him over to meet me. And I'm like, well, what the hell is this? Then in comes this pimpish looking dude. And then some more shit talking came about. And then I just said, okay, well, if I ever get a pimp role, I'm definitely going to call you. And then I decided to do Ruth's. And I was looking for someone. To play the role of Ron. I actually wrote the role, not thinking of the name that just happened to be the name. And I started saying, well, who could play Ron? Let's see, who can play Ron? Ron. Oh, Ron. And so for our season finale of the fifth season, I invited Pearl Cookie Reid and Ron Cooper, two friends of mine and tremendous actors who have been in several of my movies, actually combined. They have been in all four, when I all four, because I have one previous to that before movies, including and since the penis dialogues. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Raw Fusion Pearl Cookie Reid and Ron Cooper. What's up, y'all? Hello, hello, hello, hello. I like how he set us up, Ron. He set us up. He put you in a pimp role, and he put me in a madam's role. If the role fits, you know what I'm saying? It fits. I loved it. I loved it. I realized yesterday that I've never put you guys in the same in the same scene. I must have been a genius then, because I realized why I've never put the two of you guys in a role together. That would not be a wise decision under any circumstances. I think it would be very wise. No, no. Put us in a role together. We've been acting together for a very long time. Well, keep doing it. I just don't have to direct it. I don't need to subject myself to those kinds of shenanigans. Y'all can keep working together, but not under my direction. You won't do it. Oh, yes, we will. Yes, we will eventually. Like hell. I do have an idea, which I've spoken to both of you guys about. We'll see if I want to subject myself to that kind of torture. So if you guys have seen the penis dialogues, Cookie plays Roxanne in the penis dialogues. She plays the female pimp in ROOST, which is technically ROOST too. I'll talk about that in a minute. And then she's in Hate Love and she's playing the casting director in Hate Love. Ron has a distinction of being the only person other than me who's been in all of the ROOSTs thus far. He's also in the penis dialogues. When we came back to do the extended version of the penis dialogues, we put them in there. And he's worked with me on other projects as well. They are now working on a project together. And you guys can talk about that. What's the name of this project? Didi and Odell's Senior Moments. Didi and Odell's Old Moments Baby. You know what I like about these two? Besides the fact that they're very talented, they talk a lot of shit. And see, you don't necessarily know that because they seem to be good, upstanding individuals. And then you really get to know them. And they kick up more shit than some 20-year-olds. I'm just saying. We all talk a lot of shit. No, I'm just keeping it 100. Ron had brought his ass to my movie premiere with two women on his arm. I said, what kind of shit is this, man? Very good friends of mine. If anybody. What'd you say? They were very good friends of mine. I bet they were good friends of yours. You know what I'm saying? This is the shit I'm talking about. You know, only a pimp gonna say, oh, they're just good friends of mine. See, this is the kind of shit that I got to deal with behind the scenes. They loved, they loved the movie. I bet they did love the movie. I mean, what, your scenes? They loved, they loved everything about it. Yes, yes. King B's Roots, you can now see for free on Tubi, as well as King B's Hate Love. You can see both of those for free on Tubi. I suggest you just search my name, King B. See, here's the way to do it. And the first two movies that come up are Roots and Hate Love. If you haven't gotten a chance to check it out already, you definitely want to do that. We're gonna be back with more from Cookie and Coop. Cookie and Coop. Cookie and Coop. You know, that would be a hell of a good title for something. Cookie and Coop. We're gonna be back right after these messages through our future. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone, simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance. To release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need, but help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donation is too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash Mental The Movie. A fusion. All right, we're back with Ron Cooper. Two stars of several of my films. And coming soon, Cookie and Coop. No, I'm just kidding. What is the name of this thing that we're doing here that you guys are doing? DD and Odell's Senior Moments. DD and Odell's Senior Moments. Now, if I'm correct, Cookie, you're directing this, right? Yes, yes. I'm writing it. And directed. Look at this. See, what kind of inspiration I've given you. Yes. It's quite funny, actually. I've seen it. Ron sent it to me. Cookie didn't. What? She sent me the... No, you didn't send it to me. What the hell? Now, you sent me the rough cut. And then asked me my opinion on some shit. But you didn't send me the finished product. I did, too, send you the finished product. You did not. You just didn't pay attention to your message. You might have tried to send it. You might have tried to send it to me, but you were having a senior moment. Oh, my God, you sent me up. Whoa! We don't have a mountain to go. All right. Okay, you might have a point there. What? What? Don't down dirty. Dad's going to come to my place. This is the type of shit. This is the type of shit that got them in my films in the first place. So imagine, and this is going out on a podcast. Imagine how it was in private when no one was watching. She didn't know, she didn't have a clue who I was. She had never seen my TV show that was on PBS or any of that shit. I was able to observe her. I'm pretty sure she knew who I was, then she would have not acted up the way she did. Who knows? We never would have probably put her in the movie. So her being herself, actually, was the reason why. I'm like, this woman's hilarious, and I got to get her in there. So Roxanne, her character in the penis dialogues, is kind of like her. I don't think her philosophy necessarily is like her, but her bluntness is very much like Cookie when she's not trying to be professional. What were you thinking when you actually came on the set and it was doing the film, Cookie? Well, you were absolutely right. I had no idea who you were. I did not know that you were as big as you are in the industry. And when you brought me in, I thought I was just doing some little stage thing, and you said, it's a film. And so you brought me in, we had our table read, and lo and behold, I sat at the tables with some big timers. And I was just so shocked because I wasn't expecting that you really gave me a great opportunity to perform with some people like Leon Rogers, B. Cole, and Tiffany from The Awakening, and all the other people that I performed with. I was really, really shocked because I wasn't expecting anything of that magnitude. But they all worked with me. They made me feel comfortable. You introduced me to them, and you were so meek and so mild. I don't want to give you too many compliments because I don't want your head to continue to blow. But anyway, it was obviously great. I had a great time. And Roxanne, yeah, she's a character. And Leon brought a lot out of me when it came to that character because he was George, I suppose. He was supposed to have been my date or whatever. And it was so much fun to be with those comedians. It was really nice. And I really do thank you for the opportunity. All right. No problem. No problem. It really was. I liked your attitude. I liked the shit-talking nature of it. It was fun. So you can say thank you and all that shit, but actually by being yourself, you earned that role. And you have been someone that I found to be very dependable when I asked you to show up. Not only do you show up, but you do a very good job in whatever role that I've asked you to do. So that's because I'm loyal, man. I'm loyal. That you are. And she's so loyal that she went in the back when I was over at her house. Tole Ron, come over here, man. Come over here. And I got bombarded. So I'm paying you back right now. Let me clarify that. Let me clarify that a little bit now. Clarify that, Ron. Come on. First of all, I wasn't going to ask, I don't even know how y'all met. How did he choose you for that role in penis dialogue? Because you never said how you met King B. So to the day, I still didn't know. He just told you all of that. You wasn't listening? No, he didn't know. No, he didn't say how y'all met. He said how I met King B. How you and him met. How King B. I just said it. No, you didn't. I just said it. You having a senior moment. No, you didn't. Well, I'll tell you this. No. I just said it. Say it again. I never knew. I just said I was over her house. No. I just said... I just said, Before her house, you already met. I mean, how did you meet before he went to her house? He was over somebody else's house. We was over her sister's house. We was over her sister's house. And then she came over here, didn't know who I was, and started talking shit. And I was just watching her talk shit. And then that's how I said I wanted her to be in the film. I clearly went over that in the intro to the show. Now, he did not tell me that I was coming to meet nobody at her house. I thought he was inviting me for us to eat a fish dinner. Right. Fish dinner. You didn't say it. Come meet nobody. I was shocked when I saw you do that. I'm saying she invited me over. She got this other guy sitting here. I was messing up your fish time. Oh, hold on. I'm still here. I don't know what I had in mind, but I wanted to see this other guy sitting up in there. Are we finding out something? Is this a revealing moment here? I was interrupting. But when somebody invites you over for dinner, you expect y'all to have dinner with the two of you guys. You had dinner. We ain't had no damn fish either. This is a fish. I had it. Wasn't a damn fish. And so did King B. He had his fish. You all sat down. You ate. You complimented me on my cooking. Okay. I must have been high. Y'all wasn't been high. Y'all was real high. But you know, we don't get high in my house. There's no getting high around me. Shit. Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee. Eat your fish. Eat your fish. So I decided to do a different version of the penis dialogues. It's called Now King B's TPD Experience. And with that is the movie and the behind the scenes where some of this is explained. Not all of it. But it really has the six of us original members. So this is what happened with the penis dialogues. It was supposed to be a short film about 20 some minutes. And that's what we shot. Right. And when I got ready to put it on DVD for the real release of it, I was like, well, this shit is just too damn short. Charge people $10 for a DVD. So I went back and shot other pieces of it. So originally it was just the six of us. And then the extra scenes that included the six of us. I went back, wrote some more. And that's how Ron got into the penis dialogues because we actually ended up extending it. And so then he came in and we actually shot over at Cookie's house. And that's where he's in the laws of man. And he starts explaining different man rules, which was funny. So those pieces were shot later and added to the film. So that kind of worked out. But the TPD experience, since we didn't do much behind the scenes stuff, we kept it to the six of us, which is me, Cookie. Tamara Allen, which was her first film, who played Janelle, who was my character's girl, Leon, Tiffany, and B Cole. So if you guys see the TPD experience, that's the reason why the other people aren't there. Now we're taking a break again, but we will be back with more. Pearl Cookie Read, Ron Cooper, stars of Diddy and Odell, sing your moments after this moment while fusion. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone, simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance. To release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need, but help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. Soja Wood, baby. Why don't you be driving your Bentley aside? Ha ha ha. Joe, where is this guy? Let's get you all squared away. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, baby. Actually, my man is looking for a little girl actually, man. Well, how much? Let's just say the whole edge of life. Well, if you got to pay, I definitely got to pay. Why don't you all pull over right on there? All fusions. So she invited you for a fish dinner. So she set both of us up. I see. And she get to talk to me. Well, I called him. I called him because I wanted him to meet you. And then somehow we ended up talking about filming him being an actor and everything. And then, you know, cool brothers, he is. I said, yeah, well, when I get something, I'll highlight you. And it's funny because in this business, a lot of people say that shit and they never end up calling the person. But I actually did. And so that worked out. So now he came over. We're finding you guys. He thought he had a dinner date. He did not. He was trying to get some fish from you. He got his fish. He had a fish perch. Perch. He wanted the perch. He wanted to get on the perch with you. Well, get off the perch. Get off the perch. Well, let's put it this way. Yes, I thought I had a dinner date. Cookies say no. I said, if I invite you to dinner, that's a dinner date. Over the house, that's a dinner date. See, I didn't know. But we wasn't dating. Not you, Ron. What? Ron's not mad. You over there acting. You know what? That's all right. No, no, no. In against one woman. Oh, it's okay. But you know what? I just found out about this. You look good, baby. Make me look good. Was the fish good, Ron? Yeah. It was good. Was the fish good? Can't be. So Ron came over here to eat your fish. This is not the Peter Balong. You wanted a pimp. I got you a pimp. You said you needed a pimp. I brought you. And when he walked through the door, your mouth fell wide open. You said, stand by pimp. No, no, no. That should happen. Don't be making that up. I hadn't even gotten the idea for ROOST at that point. So Ron came over, expecting the candles. Oh, my. You know. I didn't even own the candles. I'm going to leave it like that. And so then he sees me and like, well, who the hell is this? And so that's funny. I never knew that. See, that's who I do the podcast. This is very real. You guys, you guys are finding out things that I'm finding out right along with you. So then Fox was doing a, and I don't have a problem with saying that because Tubi's owned by Fox, so I still have a business relationship with Fox. Fox was going, like, it was like an American idol type of thing, but for directors. And someone had told me about it. And I'm like, okay, yeah, that's cool. And then someone else told me about it. Completely different. Didn't know each other. I'm like, well, hold the fucking phone. Let me see what this shit is about. So the submission price, the submission process was a five minute film. And I was trying to figure out what the hell kind of story can I tell in five minutes? And that's when I got the idea to do a film about a mob hitman that gets hit by his own organization. Got that idea. And again, that's when it went down to well, who in the hell am I going to get to play Ron and figure out where Ron could play Ron? And so then we went out and shot that. I think it took a day for us to shoot it. And I went on with the, you know, cut the film up, put it up there. Nothing really happened. Nothing really happened with the show actually. I don't even know if they did a first season or abandoned idea. And that happens all the time. Where they have an idea and they will abandon it before it even comes out. But I had done Intimate Friends, one of my other films by then. I had done opinions dialogues by then. And so what I decided to do was before during screenings where the trailers would normally be. I played the ROOST, the five minute version. So imagine having a whole love story, which is what Intimate Friends is an hour and a half. And in the beginning, having five minutes of ROOST and people saying, yeah, man, that love shit. Yeah, that's cool. When the gangster movie coming out. That's the whole fucking film. Like, you know what I'm saying? It's nothing. Nah, you bullshit. When the movie coming out. And so many people were saying that, that I said, well, maybe I need to put something else on there. And Tommy, Tommy Lee Moore, which is my cousin. Great actor. He was. Yeah, he's probably my brother. Yeah. And in his first time acting, actually. What? He was, yeah, he was saying to me, and you got to, you know how you talk. You talk country. Man, you got to put something, you got to, I almost had him on the podcast today. But he was like, yeah, you got, you got to do that, man. You got to do that. Well, I said, okay, look, if I do this shit, you're gonna have to be in it. Hey, man, whatever you need. Okay, cool. So then I was on a date. I was supposed to be going to the date by the lake. And Shorty was late. She wanted to meet me. I don't know if she was working or whatever it was. She wanted to meet me there. Instead of me picking her up, which is fine. I got there. She was late. And so, you know, I'm sitting in this little park area. It's round high park area. And there's a little park area adjacent to the lake, just over Lake Shore Drive. And so I'm sitting there thinking, because I got time now. And I was wondering, well, how I could turn a five minute film into a whole thing. And that line where, I mean, it was a little bit more and I ended up cutting it down. But that line was, I already see motherfuckers call it karma. Country folks call it, the chickens come home to roost. I call it fucked up. And when I got that, I'm like, yo, I gotta say that. I just gotta say that line on film. In my head, I was, now there's a scene where a young cut foot cow home and a young Pauly Pentangeli going to this apartment. And by the way, the young Mac plays the young cut foot cow home, goes into this apartment and kills a guy. Well, I saw that as my character doing that. But I felt like later on, it would be better if I gave that scene to cut foot. So needless to say, the date was horrible. And it was horrible because of my part, because I really didn't, by the time she got there, I didn't give a shit about the date anymore. And I just went through the motions. You know what I mean? But now I'm excited about the script. And I'd rather, you know, I'd rather just cancel the date and went home and wrote the damn script. Oh well. I don't even remember her name. So she shouldn't have been late. Make shit. I mean, she was, I mean... Yeah, but you wouldn't have been in to her. It wouldn't even matter. Yeah, trying to think other things. I got that time to think of a whole damn script for the start of it. She was awful late, girl. She was awful late. She had it been on time, you know what I mean? But now I'm thinking about film, and she definitely doesn't, wouldn't compare to film now. So, she blew that? So this, she blew it. But I mean, it's all good because, you know, ROOST is here. And so once, because I started the script before, and I was like, this shit, no, this is not real. But once I got that idea, I just went from there. And so the first four and a half, because I shaved it down a little bit, is the original ROOST. And this is the reason why when I released it on DVD, I called it ROOST 1-2, because technically the first ROOST was five minutes. And then I came up with all the other stuff with Sandy and who Toya's going on to do, a Netflix show and all kinds of good shit, and we're happy for her and her success. But, you know, all these other characters, and all that came from that process. So that was the cool part. And a lot of people don't necessarily know the story behind it. But then, yeah, so then we added another, what is it, 60 minutes? So we added about another 55 or so minutes to ROOST 1, and it did what? So ROOST 1-2, that's the reason why. But for streaming, I just called it ROOST, because I don't have time to explain that shit to, you know, to me in more damn times. And so we ended up doing ROOST 2.5, because I was like, okay, we got one DVD, and people, I keep having to explain this shit to people. Then 2.5, if I called it 2.5, right, because it's actually longer than the first ROOST, but which, again, I actually shot 30 minutes when I did the original 2.5, and then came back and put more to it, which made it longer than that. If I call it 2.5, by the third film, I'd be able to just call it ROOST 3, and then I don't have to explain shit. But I can't do all of that explaining on streaming, so I just called it ROOST, ROOST the sequel, and then once we get a chance to do another ROOST, then that'd be ROOST 3. Ron, what was your thought process? Actually, we had worked together again on the penis dialogues before that, but when I gave you the call about ROOST, what were you thinking? Well, I knew it was a gangster movie. I knew that. And I said, you know, this might be pretty cool. I really never did anything like that. Actually, the day we shot the first scene, I had an appointment downtown to a magazine shoot or something like that, and I had to come from there to meet you over at the place. And anyway, this guy called me, I guess, real. You know what I mean? This is Cookie's friend. I'm still this guy at this point. That's Cookie's friend called me. I'm still this guy at this point because, you know, he was coming over to get Cookie's cookies. I mean, I'm fixed. Oh, you gotta stop that, man. I had a man this time. I'm safe. She was coming over to get Cookie's. I'm loyal. I'm faithful. She was coming to get Cookie's fish, and then I was there just to fuck up the whole thing. Run and continue talking about your date. Talk about that. Actually, I was very excited, man. I was pumped up. I was pumped up. No matter how I didn't know the outcome, I didn't even know where it's going to extend it because it was just that little, few minutes thing that you'll see it. Man, it was great. It was great filming that. Hey, you did a great job. Both of you all, y'all did a great job in there. And then, and I had to go down the line. I appreciate your patience with me, King B. Because I remember I kept messing up that Tangeli. Whatever that. The other mob name. Pentangeli. But that was in the second roof. There were no Pentangelis. But then the first one. There were nothing. I know. Yeah. And the first one, we had none of that. Hell, I didn't know that I was going to extend it. So it really was supposed to be five minutes. And I was just doing this shit to do the show. Getting it. Yeah. Yeah. And we got such a good reaction from it. And it's still the top selling one. It's still the one and the most on streaming. Then I brought Cookie back in to play the female pimp. Yeah. The car wash. At the car wash. That's right. The bikini car wash. So what were you thinking, Cookie, when you got that? Well, I wanted to be one of those girls that wore the little bikinis. But you didn't have one big enough for me. I don't know what happened with that. But anyway, I just went on with what I had and I did what I had to do. You know what's interesting about Cookie? Cookie's fucking hilarious. And to the point where, you know, I had Leon on the podcast earlier as well. And he was, when we were talking about the penis dialogues, he referred to you as a comedian. And I was like, she's not a comedian. He thought a professional comedian of all these years, he thought you were so funny that he thought you were a comedian. And that's a great testament. I don't think you've ever done stand-up, but you should. You should. You think I should? Well, I need somebody like Leon to write some stuff for me. You don't need nobody to write shit for you to do it yourself. I can write it myself. Yeah, you're funny. That's what you're doing. You're funny. Wow. Okay. Yeah. All right. And then I can classify myself as a comedian. Because if Leon say I'm a comedian, then I have to be what Leon says. Leon's word is go. Yeah. Well. And we all got quiet. He's been in a few movies. I don't know what he wants. The bird didn't go out. I don't know what he wants. Leon is the man. He actually had it. I've known Leon for four years. And so is King B. And so is Ron. Ron, that's right. You've never, you've never met Leon. What are you talking about? Well, I'm not on my side. The pool table pimp in the second, third rules. I think it was. Yeah. Yeah, but you, you weren't on set though. Okay. It wasn't with you. It was, me and Leon was, were, were working on another thing. A guy was going to do a movie. And Leon was in it. And I was in it. And we had a lot of rehearsals on 79. And we had a lot of rehearsals, but it never went off. That's like he said, people stop and never finish it. And that went here. I saw the guy. He said he didn't have enough money to finish it or something. But Leon was going to be in that one. And it was about a high school CBS band leader. And I was gone. I was just a band leader in that one. But that never went off. It never went off. But I, I know who Leon meant. Did you guys, did you guys talk about ROOST? We did. We, we discussed that. He knew who I was. He knew Ron. He knew who I was. Yeah. That's somehow I can't get up to. We talked about you too. It better be some good shit. It better have been good shit. Yeah. It's clear. If I find out that I was talking shit about me. Well, there's going to be some ROOST moments around this motherfucker. Yeah. Well, Leon crew, man. Well, I like his style. But yeah, we worked together on, was going to be a project. But that project never went off, you know, so. That's what's up. That's what's up. Yeah. I like it when good people, you know, come together. The funny thing about it was Tommy was actually, somebody wanted Tommy to be in a movie behind seeing him and ROOST. You know, like, I'm not no goddamn actor. You know, I'm just a snack. You know, he was just doing the shit for me. So that's just hilarious. One thing about it is, is that when you get good people, you know, and aside from me interrupting your dinner date, I figured that, you know, you get good people who are talented, keeping together. So we ended up with him in ROOST 2.5, which is now ROOST the sequel. Right. Which I'm actually going to do a recut. I decided I wanted to re-edit the whole film and put it out. So I'm going to be working on that very, very soon before we put that out on streaming. We're going to be back. We got to take a break. More with Pearl Cookie Reid and Ron Cooper right here, Raw Fusion. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone, simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance. To release people from their private prisons and give them the help that it could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need. But help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. The move on. No, it's up to us. But you know what? He was telling the truth when he said he fucked the shit out of me. You're faced with many choices. If I can set up a meeting, done. So you might as well go ahead and get to cooking. Then when you finally get the money, your mother fucker walk up and try to take your shit. Now you got to go to work. Do you stay and help? But if I wasn't out of town, I'd have fucked dude up, man. But you heard something? You know if I'd have heard something, I'd have told you. Or do you get out when you can? I can make a decision on whether I want to be in the game for real or not. Which one would you choose? Mother fucker screener, man. Just tell me what the fuck I want to know. King B's hate glove starring an ensemble cat. King B, the bad girl's club's Tiffany Torrance Davis. VH1's J. Marie. Showtime at the Apollo's Damon Williams. Bruce's Brian the Wildcat Smith. Do or dies, below zero. We're later with Leon's Leon Rogers. And many more. Watch King B's Hate Love streaming now for free on 2B. How you been doing, Alex? I want to know what the moment is. What is this? You mean tell me you don't know what this is? No. The hell you think? Hey, I have to tell you one more time. I have to tell you I don't know what this is, Alex. And why don't you kill your mom? Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion, we're back. Pearl Cookie Reid and Ron Cooper. The stars of, what is this? Didi and who? Odell. Didi and Odell on YouTube. And Odell, sing your moments. Sing your moments to find us on YouTube. On YouTube, what's up? Yes, you can find us on YouTube under Pearl Reid. That's our EID under Didi and Odell's sing your moments. We only have one episode. We're working on our next episode. So we planned on continuing to give you more of Didi and Odell's singing moments. And I would also like for King B to do a role in one of our episodes. You can't afford it. What do you mean you can't afford it? Man, I'm recording. You can't afford it. My iPhone. No, he can't afford it. He right. I got an iPhone. I can afford him. I got an iPhone. Well, people, the skid is about nine minutes long. Take a look at it. It's good. I like it. Yeah. You like it? You know what? Thank you for all the advice you gave me because I did. I stretched that thing out like it was a movie and I had credits, so many credits and stuff on there. And you told me how to break it down and do it a little bit better. So on the next video, it should be even greater because I took your advice. I appreciate that. I appreciate both of y'all. Let me act in both of them. I appreciate it. Oh, you're such a great actor. What else? We don't have another choice. You always been my partner in performing. When we had our first role together, we played husband and wife and everybody seems to give us all of those roles. And we just clicked it off like yes and free. That's how you guys met on a play? Tell us. Go ahead, Ron. Tell us. No. I'm trying to remember how I did with me. See, that's just like a man. Y'all don't remember anniversaries, birthdays, nothing. We met in a play because I had did nothing but plays. I know that because you was the first movie I did. Penis dialogues was the first movie you did. Well, Penis live there. Your movie, I should say. Somebody, you was the first thing I did. Yeah. So Cookie had to meet in the play. Which play was it Cookie? Oh, you know what? I'm not sure. I think it might have been in Bernard Productions or was it... No. I think you brought me into jeans for me and only when... No, we... No, I don't remember either. I'm sorry. I don't remember one. All I know is you strolled up one day. Everybody paired us together. And she was the... I don't remember that I have that. Watch your words for me. I don't remember what you want. When she talked all that shit about me not knowing... I must get a talk off. Thank you. I must get a talk off. They ready to jump on a man right quick over nothing. Yeah. Why can't I? Why can't I? It's fun. They don't fun. I'm gonna go ahead and shit. Well, I do not remember. I'm sorry. But we did... We started out with doing some of that display. And then it just jumped off and Ron and I became good friends. He tried to hit on all of my sisters and stuff at the time. And I don't know what happened. You know, every time I meet somebody, I might just... You know what? I don't know if you... You and my sister was calling at each other. I don't even know. All I know is y'all showed up in my life. And life took off for me. All man was just for fun. Just for fun. Nah. We gonna clear this shit up right now. I ain't never had a man like one of your sisters. We were cool. I don't remember how I met her. But, you know, I would go over. We would talk shit. And she was directing the Motown thing of a jig. Oh, yeah. Tribute to Motown. And I almost worked on that project. So we would just be cool. And that's how you ended up coming over that one day. But now I wasn't howling it. Oh, okay. As you notice, I cook and drop the gun on things, you know. Yeah, you don't know what the hell she talking about. I blame the weed. So... The weed. What weed? I was wearing things. I didn't wear no weed. I said the weed. She didn't hear you, but I heard you. She heard me. She's just trying to flip the shit. She heard exactly what the hell I said. Okay, good. Run slow. No, slow. I ain't slow. I ain't slow. The women got a lot of tricks. Okay. See what I mean? See, the shit I'm talking about, this is the reason why they've never been in a scene together. You see what I'm saying? Matter of fact, they only be on the same set on the same day. You gotta put us in a scene together. You get so much magic. So it would just be great. See how they hustle me? See what I mean? Yeah, you got it. You got it. Right, Ron? I agree with you. I agree with you, baby. Right. You better. I agree with you, baby. Ron still trying to get that fish dinner. Here we go again. I got a maid now. I don't have to fry fish. I got a maid. She cooks for me. In case y'all don't know, I believe he talked in 16, 17 years ago. Right. You might have been more than that, Ron. I got into business in 2004. So I met you right around that time. Okay. That's been a while. Yeah, it's been a while. Right. That's damned to 20 years. Yeah, man. You ain't ate her fish in 20 years? What the fuck? Oh, hello. I've been here for the record. I didn't even eat it 20 years ago. Right. Thank you. That's why I'm here. 20 years. You should be trying to play. You should be asking. He'd be still on Peter's dialogue stuff. Yeah, yeah. He's got to see your moments himself. We're going right here. We see your moments. Hey, man. Listen, listen. He said, he said, I didn't say anything about no fish dinners. I didn't even know about it. Well, well, listen. You ain't a pretty winner. That's why you fell. Y'all have been to my house and had four other dinners. You didn't have other dinners. Can't beat you. I met all of my beautiful daughters and everything. He came over and sat down and enjoyed conversations with them. So I ain't been with none of your family members. Let's just keep it, let's just keep that out there. Because my family is full of women. I have brothers, but it's so many women in my family. I just love all of them. Just like I love you and Ron, your family to me too. You guys are family. Now, I can't say the same thing for Ron, but I can say that I've never been with any of your family. Well, say it for you again. Say it for me. I have, now, now, Ron, you know, Ron's a player. You know, I'm just a filmmaker. So I can't, I can't test for Ron's situation, but I can't test for mine. I have good acting skills. Just keep it like that. Oh, okay. All right. Some people think I'm a player. They could, that could be just acting. Some people think you're a friend. And it's just acting. Now, the friend is the real part. The friend is the real part. Okay. Don't be playing. Don't make me think you're my friend. You just acting like you're my friend. I guess you got to listen to what I said. The friend is the real part. You're my brother. You're my brother. We go along with that. Right. Okay. Gene B is my brother. You guys give great advice. I appreciate you both. And I fully support, fully support what you're doing now. I appreciate it. Now, I need some donations. With that being said, give me some money. Hello. Everybody quiet. You guys are hilarious. I give you a tip. I give you a tip. No, I don't want no tip. Uh-uh, don't give me no tip. You didn't even ask for no tip. Next thing you know, he's going to tell me to be standing on the corner down there somewhere. You really want to get into Bikini. You want to be getting into Bikini. You know, hilarious to have you guys in a love scene. That would be hilarious to have you guys in a love scene. Now, that is worth the price of admission. What? What you say? Hey, I can't be the only one doing love scenes now. So we got to get y'all in a love scene. I think that would be hilarious. Why so quiet around here? Huh? Just acting. I'm not for that idea. I'm not for that idea too much. A love scene. I said, I'm not for that idea. That's it. Ron and I, we do better at arguing. I don't know what we're going to do. We ain't going to work too good at that. No, we're going to work too good at this. He probably laughed so hard it wouldn't even work. That would be the most hilarious thing. You could have my phone fall. I think it would be hilarious. I think it would be very comical. And I think we should work on that. You know what I'm saying? I mean, you guys trusted me for these many years. You should trust my vision and we can work that out. If you put me in another one in your movies and you direct me to do that, then I'll have to do it because actually, it wouldn't be cookie pearl. It wouldn't be. It would be the character. Therefore, I'm still quiet. Therefore, I'm still the listener. Yeah. Anyway, we're talking about Didi and Odell senior moments. You can find it on YouTube. I recommend it and that's the thing when dealing with people. I'm not one of those directors that's insecure about his own projects. I'd like to see what other people, especially people I work with, are doing great things. And I want to encourage it. And if I can help in any way, I would. So I really have no problem. Once I come out of quarantine to do a guest appearance, a guest appearance on Didi and Odell. So, you know, just let me know. Because it's basically based on senior citizens. Some of the things that we do on a daily basis, because you know, seniors, I live in longer and they are engaged in a lot of different things out here. It's so much for seniors to do. And people don't realize how valuable we really are. Very valuable. I'm not a senior citizen. So I don't know how I would fit in. But you don't have to be a senior. You getting there. You don't have to be one. I ain't getting shit. Well, what do you say? You glad to be here? You gonna be a hundred years old? That's what I say. I'm glad to be here. That's right. We made it thus far. But maybe I'll play the crack dealer. No, I got you a girlfriend. You gonna have a senior girlfriend. You gonna do a love-a-seeing with an old lady. She gonna be a hundred and seven. No. Yes, you are. If that's what I'm writing for you, that's your character. You gonna take that character. Like hell I am. All right. I'm gonna put you in a thong. Keep on fucking with me here. Keep on fucking with me here. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. When I get through writing the script, by the fact, I fucking want to write the motherfucker tonight. You gonna wish, you gonna wish you had never said that type of shit. You know what I'm saying? Oh, see how I inspire him. I want to keep my gangster-pimp image. I want to keep my same image. No, you said that was accurate. Just an old pimp, an old player. Run, you gotta change up sooner or later. I love what I do. I love being a character. I love that character. But the people want to see you do something different, too. They want to do something different with me and Odell. Cookie, keep on fucking with me. And you gonna be on a stripper pole. That is hilarious. I've been on a stripper pole before. It fell, but I got up. I bounced right back up, baby. Right on another in the movie. And Ron could be the strip club owner. And you can be swinging on a pole. That's hilarious. I'll be the owner. I'll be the strip club owner. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. I ain't scared. I am. By the time you finish writing, I'll write to you on TV. The way you write it, Ron, I might be scared, right? Oh, boy, boy, boy, boy. Oh, I love you guys. See you in Alabama. Never fuck with a writer and director. I'll tell you a writer. Write up what you got a biddy for. I love it. I love it. Ladies and gentlemen, it is Ron Cooper and Pearl Cookie Reed. Check them out in DD and Odell Senior Moments directed by. Pearl Cookie Reed. And Ron did the music. Ron did the music. Yeah, by the way, one of Ron's tracks actually made it into ROOST as well. So. Yes, it did. Yeah. Made it born for trouble. Check them out on YouTube. I appreciate you guys for coming through. Real talk. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Captain. Thank you. Appreciate it. All right. All right, y'all. Bye. It's been great. Love y'all. It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Brought to you by King B's Hate Love. Now streaming for free on 2B. When you're celebrating something great, it's great to celebrate with friends. I am happy to say that I've worked with so many people, so many talented people over the years. Hundreds have been in my films, my TV show, podcasts, so many wonderful people. And as we bring Season 5 to a close, to be able to look back and see the things that we've done and the things that we have accomplished. But it's also great to look forward to the future. See you in Season 6. I'm King B, and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion. Thank you.