We're getting all sexy and creamy and love buttery and shit, right here. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. What's up everyone, it's King B right here. I know we kind of took a break but I really haven't been taking a break. Movie fundraiser to gofundme.com slash mental the movie and donate there. Also, I've been doing something different called Raw Fusion Live on a couple of platforms. You can also check that out on YouTube if you want to see the live version. You can check that out at youtube.com slash the real King B. Of course, just to let it be. You can also listen to the audio version right here, right now. Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen. King B right here. And guess what? We're live. It's Raw Fusion Live. How y'all doing this morning? The sun is up shining brightly. God damn another great day. We got another great show for you today. Actually, it's the first one that we actually will have a guest. We got a guest on the show today. That's right. A very beautiful, talented, intelligent young lady. Her name is Cre'Aye. And she has a body butter and some other things that we're going to start talking about in a few minutes. Let's welcome our guest Cre'Aye Williams. How you doing sweetheart? Good. How about yourself? I'm freaking fantastic. That's why I am. I'm just fantastic right now. What's going on with you? Everything and everything and nothing at the same time. Trying to get the business, well, expanding the business. And basically, you know, trying to do my best to spread love. You know what I mean? Spread love baby. That's right. There's a lot of love over here at Raw Fusion. Who went out there? I gotta start some shit. Because that's just what I do. This early? Every day baby. It's quite interesting because I started doing this live shit just to kind of fuck around. I've been doing the Raw Fusion podcast for about a year now. But I just decided hell, why not try this shit live? You know, I've been doing this. So you are actually my first live guest. Thank you. There you go. I appreciate it. Oh for sure. Now, let's talk about this before we get into the other shit we're going to talk about. Let's talk about Crea's body butter. Yeah. Let me see one of those bottles. So Rose. Rose is one of the ones that I use for my face because it has like antioxidants and anti-aging properties. So, you know, that's a B42. So, you know, we got to kind of keep that, that youth in there, you know what I'm saying? Hold a freaking phone. Huh? She just said she's about to be 42. Yes. She looks like a goddamn teenager. Real tough. So sometimes you need to get some of that butter. Yes, you do. And it got organic oils in it. It's really clean. We make our own on a barrel oil. So it's definitely safe and good for the skin. We have some that's even good for babies as well. So something for the whole family. Okay. You know, I used to do the body oils and things like that and make the butter. Myself for the body oils. So I know, you know, how that actually, that all works out. It actually works very well for you. Yes. So what made you start getting into that sort of thing? Actually, I've been making it at home for years, just not on this scale. And a lot of people, you know, come in, can I get some? And my husband was like, won't you try to sell it? And I wait, I settled it for like two years. And then I wound up saying, you know, actually go through a few things and really get into the points where I actually believe in myself. So that was one of the reasons why it's called creates love. You know what I mean? It's something that, that for me, it's more than just body butter. It's more about self love. Like when you get out in the shower, you oil yourself down. That's your personal time. So that was one of the reasons why I made it to make some commitment and man that give them that opportunity to take a moment and give yourself some self love. So that's what I want. That's why I did it. That's why I keep going. Where can they get in touch with you if they want to get some of that body butter? So the website is www.creaslovebutter.com. That's C-R-E-A-S-L-O-V-E-B-U-T-T-E-R.com. And Instagram, Facebook, everything is at @creaslovebutter. Okay. Check it out. Crea's Love Butter. Crea's Love Butter. Yes. .com, right? And it's love. Because we're like love butter. It's love butter. It's not. Crea's Love Butter. Yes. Butter me up, baby. I'm here for you. There we go. So here's, let's get into what we're going to talk about today. Okay. That's just one of the things that you've done. Now we're Facebook friends. We're friends in real life. Yeah. Knowing you about 10 plus years. Yeah. Yes. But people know me. I'm up usually at night. I've been up all night. Actually, you know, everybody's, you know, just waking up. Shit. I've been up all night. I haven't slept a week. So I'd look on Facebook and there you are jumping around, bouncing around, talking about, wake it up. Hey, let's go. Wake it up. Hey, let's go. Wake it up. Wake it up. Now, see, I could have been wrong. Right. And went on your Facebook page and grabbed one of those old videos and played it. But you're going to have to actually go on her page and it's spelled just like it is on the screen. And then you're going to have to investigate for yourself because, you know, I don't do that. Got your shit over here. Exactly. But I should have done it and actually you do it because it's great. It's inspirational. Thank you. You're bouncing around at like three, four, five in the morning, getting ready to go drive trucks. Yes. Now, let me explain something to you, ladies and gentlemen. She is about, come up to about my waist. Okay. Let's just keep it one. Whatever. If you're looking at it, you see she's petite. I mean, she got shape to her, but she's petite. And she's driving a whole motherfucking truck, a big rig, not them little, not no little UPS truck shit. She's driving a big ass rig. You understand what I'm saying? So to see her do that and then have her own business is actually very inspiring to people in general. I'm sure it inspires women, but people in general that she'd be up early in the morning, wake your ass up and then she gets out there and gets it. So here's the thing. As you see, this is really her. You know some people that come on TV and they change up and in on nice and sweet and shit. This is her. She's soft. She's petite little thing. And she's very bouncy. But deep down inside, she's a beast to be driving trucks and shit and then have her own business on the side and doing that kind of thing. All too often in today's society, women, it seems to be, let me say like that, that women feel like they have to take on a masculine sensibility. They have to be extremely harsh and aggressive. I'm going to try not to bring up some things during this happened this week, but for a man that's kind of unattractive. This woman and she is married. Let's just say that. So I'm not over here trying to sweet talk her or trying to flirt with her here. I'm just telling the truth. She's very sexy and it's because she still maintains her femininity and still is a beast. So what is it? And obviously she's because she's been married the whole time that I've known her. So she obviously knows how to stay in a relationship in a married relationship. So my question is, why do you think that women feel like they have to play the man role in order to be successful in business or do things that traditionally would be a man's job like truck driving? I think I feel like a lot of it could be some of it is balance. I think some could be, you know, insecurity. Some of it is past hurt. Some of it is protection because a lot of women, you know, by being hurt in the past, you put on like this facade like I got this. Now I need you know, I don't do that. And then a lot of it is taught, you know, a lot of people, especially a lot of women, I hear a lot of women say, I don't need a man. And it's like we was put on earth to need a man. We need each other. You know what I'm saying? To even survive. So I feel like a lot of the men is insecurity and still in us as children, that's a lot of it. And it's really hard for women to come out of there because a lot of women don't get therapy and really don't truly understand that it's not because you just, I'm just protection. It's a lot of stuff that we don't pay attention to. And we may think of it as being small, but it's a lot of women that also need help and understand why they put that masculinity on themselves. That's what that's good. And we're going to dive into that just a bit more in a minute. But we got to take a break. So we're going to check out this thing. Great thing that she said something about mental health because that's what we're going to be dealing with in the movie, mental, the movie. Check it out. And we'll be back right back to our Fusion Live baby. We're going to go home. Simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that it could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. Be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need. But help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. Go to GoFundMe.com slash Mental the Movie to donate today. Fusion. We're back while fusion. Live, baby. What we're talking about here is mental health issues. And that's one of the reasons why I wanted to do the documentary that we're actually raising money for right now to get it done. There's a lot of people dealing with mental health issues and they're not willing to get help, you know. And so when we're talking about these things, I always like to say that when something happens like a column by, which is unfortunate, what they do is they send a bunch of mental health care professionals and they get the children the help that they need. One of the biggest problems in our community is that there's a column buying in some communities every week and all they give us is churches and liquor stores. There's nothing wrong with churches. There's really nothing wrong with liquor because I haven't had a drink in a while but I do drink so I'm not against it. But I think there are some deeper rooted problems that need to be addressed and they don't get addressed simply because, well, I don't know. They act like they don't care. Like we don't need mental health professionals and then the next thing happens is that if you deploy these people to help them, how many people are willing to say, hey, I need that help. I'm going to get it. Why do you think so many in our community have that problem? I think most of it is fear. I think a lot of people, especially in our community, think that you're weak if you don't go and get that help. A lot of people are downgraded or it's actually dismissed. I know for me personally, growing up, I never even known that there was fear. And so my kids, I didn't really get into the whole therapy thing until my kids became teenagers because at first you're thinking like, yeah, it's really not that bad, especially coming from where we come from and not having therapy and not hearing about therapy. So you kind of display that. So really, I think it's because people are not exposed to it. That's one of the things. And people are judged for it. And that's why it's a lot of hate and a lot of hurt. So that's something that parents need to actually, I think that it has to start with the parents first. And then things could be a little bit better because if the elders aren't doing it, the younger kids are not going to really take it into consideration. Are you one of those tough love parents? Was that your method of operation? Were you one of the tough loves or no? I was. Originally I was. I was suck it up. It's really not that bad. And that's again because I grew up in Chicago. It was a lot of stuff going on and I know you know it's still going on. And it's even worse. So, you know, when you see kids like crying or suffer small, you tend to be like, okay, it's really not that bad. So now, you know, getting a little bit older I'm more open and more willing to listen. But originally, yeah, tough was Andrew. I believe that our community suffered greatly when DCFS started butting their heads into shit that they had no business butting their heads into. I mean, I'm not for abusing any children. But spanking is not abuse and no one's going to convince me that that shit is abuse. Exactly. I got weapons. And I'm going to tell you something. If I didn't get those weapons, I probably would have been in somebody's house that's watching right now, stealing some shit, beating their ass, doing all kinds of dumb shit. But I got my ass whooped and it made me think about shit completely differently. You know, another thing that I have a problem with is that when these people are adults, 18, and you keep saying that babies, I get so much goddamn none. Because my thing is, if you had 18, 19, 20 years and you haven't learned shit, you have obviously done a poor job of parenting to where you're still acting as if these people are babies. And not babies. And we've gotten to the point where we excuse shit and it hurts the child, actually. Unless you get on their ass and that's what I've been getting on some people's ass this week. Unless you get on their ass and stop with the excuses, then they end up having the worst life because they believe that they can get away with anything. And that's why, you know, we have a lot of people complaining about what's going on with our youth today, but they've grown up in a world where everything is cool. Be who you want to be. And that's full of shit. You can't do everything you want to do. You can't be who you want to be all the time. And that's the problem, you know. We have allowed them to think that this is okay. I don't believe it is. What do you think? I think that, well, I'm going to take a step back. I feel like discipline should be done at an early age. You know what I'm saying? I feel like as a parent, I discipline my children when they're younger. So by the time they was 12 or 13, they already knew, don't play with me. You know what I'm saying? So once you instill that discipline and that respect, you wouldn't have to worry about that. I know you can send them out there, you know, into the world. My children, I instill that you work for what you want. Now that I'm a little bit older, start your business, save your money, start your business. And nowadays it's like the parents really don't have time for the kids like they used to because the mothers are working now, the fathers are working. But at the same time, you have to take a step back and actually pay attention to what they're doing. Because honestly, it's about watching your child and understanding your child. So like once my sons started to do that in school, okay, what's the problem? What's going on? Why are you behaving in this manner? And a lot of parents don't take that time to even find out or even pay attention to those signs to where their kids are actually changing and turning it to something else. Because as you know, when we were teenagers, we got into things and it was because of our friends. So that's another thing. I made sure that I knew where my children were. I made sure I knew their parents or the houses that they were at and all those different things. So if the parents step in and actually pay attention to the children, I think things will be better. That's what happened. That's important. It is. And it's our fault because these kids, these parents today, so-called parents, they want to run around and be the kids' friends. They grew up and felt a certain way about people or how they were being loved and they raised their buddy. This is not your job to raise your buddy. It's your job to raise an upstanding citizen in whatever country they're going to be in. It's our job to show them the world, the realities of the world and how to navigate through the world. And when they navigate wrong, it's our job to put it down and let them know, no, that's not how you go. This is how you go. You know what I'm saying? And I have a problem with people. Look, by 18, they can ship your ass off the water. They're not going to coddle you and say, oh, it's okay. No, pick up this gun and go shoot these people. That's how they're going to handle it. And if you're not ready, boom, by 18, you can vote. By 16, you can drive a ton vehicle that can be used as a weapon. We in this country, baby, our kids way too much. And then they go out unprepared in the world. And then when they fail, we want to blame the system. We want to blame everybody else but ourselves. That's problematic. It is. You know what I'm saying? So I agree with you. Some tough love, but love, love. Don't go to whooping your kid because you got a bad day. That's not love. You know what I'm saying? When they get out of pocket, you put them back in line. That's how you do that shit. You know what I'm saying? At that moment. Don't wait. At that moment, you correct them because they feel like they got away with something. You know what I mean? And then that's why a lot of the abuse happened because once the parent gets so upset and fed up and it's to the extreme. And then the kids start to resent the parent because it's like now you wasn't doing this years ago, like right now. And by that time, you don't lost the control. And not saying control isn't you trying to control your child. It's controlled into saying that, hey, this is what life is. I'm trying to protect you. I'm trying to prepare you. And at this moment, it's time for me to guide you, not control you. I'm trying to guide you. Right. Well, actually, I don't know. I may disagree in that you are to control your children until they grow up and can assume control of their own lives. You know, the problem is that you got these kids. I've seen people with dog leashes on the kids and all kind of shit. Why be in the store and all that kind of shit. Why? Because you have no control over your child over a child. Child has more freedom than you do. And when I'm speaking of once they become 18, you know what I mean? That's when you start to guide them because at that moment I'm no longer your parent. I'm here to guide you. Now from one until, now you would say 16, because 16, they're able to get a job. You know what I mean? And by that time, that's what I'm saying. You're supposed to instill that discipline and that respect before 12 and 13. After that, you shouldn't even be whooping your kids after 12 and 13. Because let's be for real. If you instill that discipline and you respect my rules and everything before that, you shouldn't have any wars. And that's why once they get, that's what I'm saying, once they get 18, it's like the kid is really like, you can't tell me what to do. You never told the kid what to do since they were a baby. You know? So that's what I mean when I'm, when I'm, I've never had to put anything on my children. I can give them a look right now in the name of twins. Don't play with me. Because I have a disrespect that you, I haven't yelled at you. I haven't called you out of your name. This is what it is. Yeah. I completely agree. I'm, you know, I'm not. Yeah. 13. When was it a teenager? The weapon stopped. What stopped for me by that time I learned and I think that you have to, you know, by the time I was a time I was in high school. I was selling candy. I was doing little side hustles. I was shit. I had my own grass cutting little business and shit like that. You know, that's what happens when you actually are raised properly. You learn how to do certain things to get you a little bit of money or whatever it is so that you're not out there doing all the dirt and all the bullshit and getting in trouble and getting locked up and all the other stuff. Here's my other problem. And it's a huge one. We won that. We, there are some of us who will say, well, I did this when I was a kid. I did that when I was a kid. And so we've got an older and we've learned and then we let our children go out there and say, well, hell, they'll learn. No, it's for us to say, listen, I know what that's about. So that's the wrong way. Here go the right way. You know what I'm saying? And there's too many of us, like even when that even when that that that WAP song came out and I heard people saying, well, we had this and we had that kind of music and we listened to it. I'm like, yeah, that's right. But we shouldn't have. We shouldn't have been listening to that shit. Now, here's the thing. I don't have a problem with the WAP song except for the beat sucks. But other than that, I believe that there are adult records and those adult records should stay with adults. You shouldn't be playing that shit around five years. You know what I mean? That's the difference. But will they go and sneak and listen to it? Probably. But if they're going to sneak and listen to it, you got to make sure that they're going to sneak and listen to it so that they know that they shouldn't be listening to it. And that will actually stick in the back in their mind. We are just too lax with children these days. So once we tighten that belt, then we won't see people acting up in public on TV and all kinds of other shit. I think I think embarrassing, not only the family name, but their people as well. Another big problem that there is in this country. You got a 50% divorce rate. And I say that because, again, you've been married how long? 14 years. 14 years. So what do you think was one of the keys to you having a relationship that long when not only a relationship of marriage that long? I think that, you know, of course, you know, naturally, you know, when you're young and you marry, you do crazy stuff. But I think overall, it's about making sure that the goals are the same. You know what I'm saying? The goals have to be the same. You definitely got to have some similarities. I think that one of the reasons why it was because really it was like the love that he had for his mother. And I knew that if he can love his mother like that, he can love me like that. Communication. We both live or so. We really don't argue. We really don't. We really just don't have issues. Like I know what he wants. We actually have a thing where he has a, like, our weight is a thing. If I'm getting too big, which I don't like, he liked me up with a lot more weight, but I don't. And if you get too big, it's kind of like just making sure you stick into those needs at once with each other. That's the biggest thing. Communication and making sure you stick to what each other needs. And that's kind of like, that's what we've been doing. Just sticking to what we say we wanted from each other. That's very interesting. Sticking to it. You know, it's a lot of, you know, I feel I love women. I really do. And like I said, I'm one of those that will speak out probably more about something that I care about or someone that I care about. If I don't care, then I'm not really going to say anything. I'm not bothered. I don't even want to discuss it. One thing about it is, is that women have been conditioned to literally fail at relationships with real men. You know, they say that they want a real man and then they want to run a man at the same time. You know what I'm saying? They don't want to play. Fuck it. I'm going to say it because, you know, these things aggravate some people. Oh, equal bullshit. Listen, there are male gender roles and there are female gender roles. And when that thing becomes unbalanced, and the woman is running everything and it becomes a double-edged sword because I truly believe deep down in a woman's heart, she wants to have a real man to take a certain amount of control. Not control her whole life or be controlling, but control the household is responsibility. And when she is put in that role or she puts herself in that role, that's what she's been taught to do by society. The flip side is her natural nature doesn't want to be there. So she'll get a man that she can control and then she doesn't like that man in the end. So now the relationship is destined for failure because she has a man but she's in control. She really doesn't want to be in control but she can't be with a man that she can't control. So I believe there's so many women or so many babies should I say being born out of wedlock is probably over 50%. And then when two people do get together and get married, there's a half and half chance that it actually survived. What do you think about that? That's a lot. Okay, so believe. There's so many things I want to say about that one. Go ahead. It's a lot of fusing. Okay, so when women it's kind of like this thing you start out, you want a good guy, you get the good guy and then it's something else that makes you not want to keep him. So, oh my God, there's so many things I want to say about that. I believe that like, cool, you know what I'm saying? Hey, we cuss, we do everything just say what you got to say. When a woman. I think that to me honestly it's about family because in a relationship there's certain things in the household let's say finding stuff for the house you are in control of that things outside of the house the man is in control of that. And I think that as again, you did say you're in a position to do that but it's really hard to to let go of that control and I think that that's moving. I'm going to say what you got to say. You didn't get over here and got shy. Let's put it to what it is. Okay, so when we first met and I got your phone number as we were talking about business I put next to your name shit talk because she talked so much shit now she brought her ass on here and now she's shying up because we're doing this shit live so we're going to put it all the way out there and open say what you got to say go ahead everybody know you sit over here and say why is she acting shy? She knows what she wants to say because I feel like sometimes a lot of men to say that they want control but they don't really know how to control and I don't think I don't think that I want to use the word control you know what I'm saying I think that it's more playing your part like for a lot of women nowadays men don't know how to because a lot of them haven't been talking to me they haven't seen how to to lead you know what I'm saying and so when a woman get with a guy that says he want to lead and he don't know how she begins to be put in that place to lead you know so I feel like before you even get to the point to where you even say that it is a relationship you need to make sure that he's able to control the situation he's able to stand up when it's when he's supposed to stand up and that's why the a lot of relationships clash because I'm going to speak for me like originally I was more of a dominant person because being hurt back in the day and stuff like that so like I was back to the beginning it's sort of like you putting up this facade that you were in control when you really don't want to be but you have to be because that's how you've been all of you like so it's really hard to take a step back and say okay I'm going to let you lead let's say for instance before we got this house there was a lot of stuff that I was going around like I'm a hands on type of I like to fix stuff under the sink you know and things of that nature and my husband he was a type let the landlord fix it and I'm like no we can fix it so now once we got the house he was like okay I'll fix it and I'm like now I can find somebody to fix it you know what I mean and he's like no I got it so I had to take a step back and be like okay you the man it's okay for you to be the man I don't have to go with the sink I don't have to do all these different things you know and it's just about learning when to step back and establishing those boundaries so a lot of women again like I wasn't taught that control you know when to step back and things like that a lot of them self talk but it's hard it's really hard for a woman to say I want to step back because although I do I am dominant a dominant woman I've learned how to take that step back I actually want him to meet I actually want to be get roses and I actually want to get all of these things you know what I'm saying and also a lot of women um so used to the bad guy they want the bad guy oh I want him to do this not want him to do that but she's forgetting that he might not do it work he might just want to stay on the court and he might want to do this and now you infactuated with the fact that yeah he's dressed nice and all of these things but when something happened if you do wound up getting locked up or something like that then what you're going to do and then a lot of women that's all they that's all they saw they saw their mothers get beat they saw their mothers do all these things so they don't want the nice guy really if you think about it you know I think that's also because they perceive that as masculinity even as men you know we tend to gravitate towards uh violence we are the ones that like I mean some women are doing it too but men typically we're the ones that like the violent sports like football like I love it um we love the gangster movies um I love them I've made them um because that's perceived as masculinity um aggressiveness is it perceived as masculinity at least in uh in my generation that's what it is what I find that when you get older and you learn that there are other ways to resolve issues um and there's a bigger thing at stake such as community you start to look at things slightly differently, slightly because at the end of the day none of us when threatened want to are threatened seriously want to sit down and talk about it we want to go and handle some shit when the country goes through something and get bombed what do you do I'm in next it's just the American way um but what I've found ever since the gay president Obama and I'm not saying he's gay I'm saying that the truth there's three things that this dude did in office what he didn't do is fix education and a couple other things he didn't do but what he did do is fix the economy which was great I don't know necessarily if he I think it could have been another way just bailing out rich people but you know hell it worked whatever um and he also got that dumb ass healthcare thing going which people still don't realize that if it continued to go through as it was intended people who didn't want to be a part of it would have had to pay $500 fine for it people don't know that that's the reason why when certain people said it was a bad bill or bad law it was it simply was because if you couldn't afford it in the first place how in the hell are you going to afford the $500 on top of that by digress the only other thing that he really did major he's going to be noted for because the gay rights thing and that's interesting because in our community before that time and I've been on the wrong side of this whole thing uh since whenever before that time in our community in the so-called black community that gay shit was not accepted at all but that wasn't what it was even a little further than before that they used to do um they used to put hits out on gay people and beat them up and stuff like that which when I say I was on the wrong side I wasn't on that I wasn't with that either let them live let them do them don't beat them up but I know some people in the hood come in there gay if you want to your ass is getting whooped you know how it was coming up so I wasn't with that shit either now it's flipped the other way you know what I'm saying now you say something about a gay person they want to cancel you and all this goofy shit I'm not with that shit either because it's bullying both ways I bring that up to say that um the de-masculinity the uh the effemination of men in this country has gone on the rise now one of the things I could say which is very interesting to me there are so many women raising men and they said that you cannot raise a woman cannot raise a man I don't know if that is true or not but what I find fascinating is if all these women are raising men why is it so hard for them to find good men there wouldn't you raise your little boys to be the perfect man for a woman and yet these women these men come out more effeminate than anything not all the time I'm not even saying half the time but a lot of the time these men come out not being the woman would deem as ideal for her let alone for a woman why do you think that is I think that I do see I feel like a woman can raise a son you know what I mean but I also know the importance in that I feel like when women are raising boys a lot of times a lot of women raise their sons to love them when they get out in the world they have to love that woman different from the way they love them you can teach them how to love but don't teach them how to love you you know what I'm saying a lot of stuff and I wouldn't say that it's mostly taught boys children mimic what they see so if he's with his mom all the time he's going to have that you know what I'm saying he's going to have all of this because he's talking with his mother like that and a lot of times boys be hosting moms so they're going to you know show that side of them that doesn't mean that they're gay doesn't mean anything like that but that's that energy that they see majority of the time you know what I'm saying so I know personally even through experience it's very important even if you're a single mom you definitely have to find some type of man with that masculinity and I'm not saying drugs I'm not saying you know no tough guy carrying guns and stuff like that but just that male energy in general that you know when he messed up because after a while it's only so much a mother can do too because they get strong and you hitting him but you need that male energy to help him carry on and I think that that's the problem and that's one of the reasons why maybe a lot of them do want to be gay because a lot of women don't like this you know they don't they don't they don't want that feminine energy does that make sense it makes a lot of sense I propose something different to you though if society has imposed women to take the masculine role and they have been kind into doing so wouldn't that seep down into a boy's psyche that women are supposed to be in control you know I love women I love that there are things to uplift women but I think at some point that shit is detrimental you know I made a post and I don't think anybody liked it I don't I don't do everything for likes I don't I certainly don't I'm surprised there's some people like some of the shit I said but I see things differently people don't like when they step on their toes a lot of people think a post is about them but it's just be gentle you need your toes stepped on sometimes I'm one of the biggest ones if you around me and you think everything I do is great I don't even think everything I do is great like you know I think you a yes person you can get the fuck away from me because you let me run out in the street and get hit by a truck and say oh well you know now I need somebody to say hey get your ass out the street there's a truck coming you know what I'm saying and I'm that person even if you don't like hearing it but I made a post and in our community we had the black women's expo and what's interesting about that is the black women's expo I never seen Asian women's expo I ain't never seen a Mexican women's expo you know why we got a black expo because they always try to put the black woman over the black man I don't even use that terminology but hell you know what it is they will not accept I give it to you right now if they had a black business expo where as men and women that shit would not be as successful it wouldn't be as successful at all why because they're pushing it for the women to be the head of the household and the way to conquer anyone the easiest way to conquer another nation another set of group of people is to destroy the man first then the women and the children are vulnerable so if you have a woman as the head of the household and this man has been emasculated down to less than the woman that household is up for grabs it is I know y'all tough and y'all think y'all can handle it but when a bunch of men come down to his physical differences you know there's some strong ass women out there but the strong man is still stronger than the strong woman I'm talking about physically if you go to the Olympics and see who's lifting you're not going to see the strongest man lift the same thing as the strongest woman so all they have to do is get somebody stronger than that woman they don't want to meet us who some think are genetically superior they don't want to see us they really don't and when I say some people I mean some so-called white people perceive us as genetically superior so-called black men and you know I love everybody well no I love all kinds I don't love everybody if you're an idiot I don't love fuck you you don't but I love different colors of different things so this is not to say that but there are some people so-called white men that's why when we play sports most of the time they used to they're starting to get out of it now but they'll speak about how athletic they are not how smart they are in playing the game but how athletic they are because it's a genetic physical superiority if you are afraid of that the first thing you're going to do is try to take out the man so if the the gay shit don't split it up the family if the government because you on section 8 or whatever it is don't split and you got to kick the man out of the house if that doesn't split them up then make the man effeminate and then at least if they're not split up we can still get there that's the reason why I mean just off top yeah women expo beautiful women you know doing that thing but we got to stop being a part of the very thing that helps destroy it I love it when women get together and talk that's cool but when are we going to get the men and the women together and talk when are we going to get the men and the women together to do business when are we going to bring ourselves together because if we don't we all going to be under it and we're under it now and if we want to get out from under it we got to start learning when they target us because on the surface it seems great we're celebrating women I celebrate women every day that's beautiful the underlying message is fuck the man let's put the women on top so we can control them what are your thoughts that is true on so many levels you know what I mean it's been going on for so long from when they started giving out stamps and the low income that was the whole purpose to divide and conquer this way you got the guy out there doing whatever he's doing or now the guy is forced to do whatever he's doing so now he's going to get locked up and now the woman is okay I do agree with you on being just a black expo instead of just a woman and a male but I also feel like it has to be a black woman expo because there are a lot of single parents and a lot of women that's out here doing it by themselves so that's why it's like I'm on the fence with that well I'm not really on the fence because I do feel like it should be because again women aren't getting into the whole business aspect it should be a black expo where men and women are included in this way we can actually figure out how to build a community organization and all those different things I feel like a lot of it is the government I always felt like the government is part of the main reason why a lot of the black families are broken up but at the same time it's on us too because it don't have to be broken up I feel like when we do get the help we stay on it too long I know I personally before I left my ex husband I started out low income but then I gave it up because I was like when you seeing the women that's stuck in that and you want more out of life you gotta give it up and that's exactly what I did so now for me with the black woman's expo that's really like oh yeah I can do this you know what I'm saying that's more uplifting opposed to when I go and like I would love to do the black expo but that's like with the women's expo it's more of an inspiration it's more of a you know an uplifting thing to say you got it sis you know what I mean because a lot of women don't have that and it was a lot of single women that was at the expo so I feel like that is needed but what you're saying is also needed so I'm gonna hope so now see this is where we disagree I love being disagreeable with people without being disagreeable you're single so what you still get in you'd think with a complete black expo and quite frankly I don't even like the black expo anyway personally but for others whatever but if we're gonna have anything black expo you have a black expo you got brothers and sisters I didn't say a married black expo I said a black expo so if you're single you can get in and do your thing hell it was a married black expo I wouldn't be in it you know what I'm saying I'm not married so I'm not saying a married black expo I'm saying a black expo because the problem is while we're saying you can do this sis there's millions of men that ain't hearing you can do that bro and if you want your man to be the head of the household we should have had a black men's expo before we had a black woman's expo how you gonna keep saying be the head of the household with absolutely zero support there are so many men that come home to a woman that's pissed off because they're not making enough money they're not doing this they're not doing that okay I get it but instead of yapping are you pouring life into that man does that man want to come home you know I heard a lot of women say that they were good women oh she cooked a meal she fucked them good and she's a good woman what they neglected to say is they were nagging this every time you came in a household is do this do that door do this do that ain't no man been working all day want to come home have his woman tell him do all this do all that do all this now some shit that gotta get done gotta get done but it's a way to do it and this is the problem that we're having that I'm seeing fuck me these young brothers 15 to 20 to 21 to 22 to 25 let's put it like that ain't nobody telling them you can do it bro they out there battling the world the motherfucking don't like them for this thing you look funny oh you got some shoes that I want oh you a little too fire over there you ain't got shit and they fighting all of that shit 1,000 programs for women ain't but two for men but we supposed to be running the household we supposed to take on the world with no support system and then your woman don't even support you when you get home the fuck going on so when I said that it's not because I hate women y'all gotta look at the end goal the end goal is to have the family unit together the man at the head of the house and a black woman's expo does not promote that it doesn't but I'm different I'm the type of guy I've said this several times on my show I'm not talking to other guys about women not to get no damn advice women go over there and talk to other single ass women about men the only thing they're doing is reaffirming their own delusions aww girl he wasn't shit no way fuck him and here's the problem this broad over here ain't had a relationship that she can keep for 10 minutes and this is the motherfucker you go to talk to you don't go to somebody like you that's been married 13, 14 years you go to the motherfucker that can't keep a dude for 10 days likewise I know this dude running through everything he can get his hands on I'm not gonna carry my ass to him and talk about some relationship shit and get some advice you gonna say fuck that bitch and we gonna go out to the club tonight and get us some new hoes that ain't the type of shit I need to hear if I'm trying to hang on to my relationship stop running to the wrong see we're not looking at the end goal the end goal if it is your end goal to have happy relationships you need to get your ass away from all them single motherfuckers and I'm not saying don't kick it with them but when it comes down to relationship shit cut that shit short because at the end of the day they ain't gonna give you no good advice cause they don't have any good advice to give you yeah I feel like yeah I feel like people don't understand about marriage is the sacrifice that you do the communication that you're supposed to have and like I said again to know who you actually marry and know who you actually be in that relationship with so I think that that's a good part of the problem a lot of the women that are single I see a lot of women jumping in and out of relationships and this is my man and I love him after a week and it's like you don't even notice me you don't even know have you been asking questions about his parents like you know all of those different things I think that some women probably just don't want to be in a relationship you know what I'm saying because nowadays a lot of people feel like they're so afraid to be in a relationship a lot of them don't even want to get married and I'm like really no difference in a marriage in a relationship it's the same except marriage is a contract that's it you know what I'm saying and that man can still be in marriage go break that contract he can go cheat he can go do all these different things so I personally would I wouldn't say that I wouldn't ask a single person for advice then again it's kind of iffy not about relationship advice if she's had a strong relationship and like wise then maybe but I wouldn't well we gotta take one more break we're gonna be back create Williams right here on Raw Fusion baby behind many smiles lie a troubling truth so many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness mental health has no color it has no age or gender it's time we take the bull by the horns it's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and get them the help that they need it could be your relative your friend your loved one it could be you and you don't even know it it's time to help those in need but help starts with you playing the broadcast television an independent filmmaker at the helm we are creating a documentary this documentary will identify the signs explore the possibilities help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health by donating you will help us help others from one dollar to one thousand no donations too small let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all go to gofundme.com slash mental the movie to donate today it's Raw Fusion live and yes we are live so it's maybe not as tight as my regular shows be but first of all this is my fourth time so I think I'm doing okay it's going to be a couple of bumps and shit on the road once I get the real real hang of it it's over with like everything else I do you know I really admire you I really do for the reasons that I said earlier the only thing I can say is bad about you it's really been how many fucking years do we know each other and you ain't came to work with me yet see when we met you had she was um looking to model and it was singing doing music yeah and thinking about acting yeah definitely and that was the reason at that time I was still I was in the midst of doing movies you know right now I'm getting back into it but I was doing movies like back to back to back to boom and then I was also doing photography as well and she kept bullshitting whatever I want to do an action movie I love action movies ain't nobody fucking with you in your last time I did an action movie dude I would kill an action movie she comes up to my kneecaps talking about some action movie see look at it she's serious I would kill an action movie I'm crouched like I love action movies I love guns I love going shit up see I told you talker see what I'm saying I'm telling you literally I told you I'm telling you I am 5 foot and a quarter oh god damn I'm smoking you can't be doing that kind of shit did you hear what I said she said a quarter yes give me my quarter okay when you still doing that shit you know you small when you still adding on a half and shit you're small she said she didn't say a half a quarter now you see her hairstyle right that quarter right there with them with them dreads that's where the quarter is but she gonna hold on to that little ass quarter too see this is this is this shit I'm talking about but I love it though I love it though so 5 feet I'm 6' 6' so yeah she comes up to my belly button she talking about doing an action movie with me what the hell kind of action movie listen like a kick ass bullshit action movie oh yeah I got it and we can call it the long and the short of it yeah look at she's not playing though look how serious she is see this is my thing this is what I love all that femininity and shit that you're seeing right now there is a pit bull back there just ready ready to pounce and um I don't even know it can have some romance definitely got to ask I call it movie sex she said movie sex yeah some of that's gonna be in there too it's gonna be good see ladies and gentlemen that's how it starts she's talking about guns and movie sex yeah okay alright now if I come up with something I don't want to hear you talking about it I don't want to do that no no no I'm so serious about an action movie I don't have none of that shit I could play a detective okay let's go your ass is gonna be just bouncing around I'm serious you think I'm playing I'm serious the problem is I don't think you're playing and that's the real problem like if I thought you was playing I'd be laughing but I know you're serious and so I don't know but you know what it's funny because a lot of motherfuckers in Hollywood is little as hell so I won't face you but it is true a lot of these motherfuckers you think are tall in Hollywood short as hell you remember that song looked over to the left tweet that's my song that motherfucker about as tall as you no are you serious I looked at it again not too long ago because I love that song I looked over to the left she looked tall as hell on that video look at it again when you see it and I met her and her ass is little I mean she little she come back up to my belly button too and I'm like like she probably thought I was all struck some shit and I don't get that way around I don't I have a TV show I've had Alicia Keys Megan Good you can see the video and you can see how much taller I am than them they're probably a little bit more than 5 feet but 5 feet in the quarter I'm sorry but 5, 2, 3 maybe 1 you know a lot of these people are that and again I've seen I've interviewed several people on my show there's really not many people that is gonna star struck me at all unless I really really admire the work there's about one guy that I say will come to mind that's where I came and that's because he's the reason why I started rapping in the first place and then probably then once I see dude it's gonna be like okay he's another guy you know what I'm saying I did say when I had gangstar on the show it was a minute because I'm like bro this is gangstar you know what I'm saying but after we started the interview it was like okay the two regular guys and we just kicked it and the funny part we did it at the House of Blues and we started the interview if you ever saw the old interview when I was on channel 11 PBS we started the interview in the lobby and then they was giving a shit about doing shit in the lobby and gangstar was so cool it was like man fuck that shit hey let's finish this interview we're gonna go up to our room and shit and we can finish the interview up in the room because it was you know cool with me like that like I was just chilling so we went up to the room and finished the motherfucking interview in there so I don't get starstruck but I swear she probably thought I was starstruck because I'm looking at her life but it's because she's so damn little I didn't know she was that damn little I thought she was like basketball player size that ain't so they got the camera tricks make you look tall so there's hope for you still left I was just like you because you bounty you're short and bounty you know if you want to treat you got to go to her page and look up one of those wake it up yeah let's go video and she bouncing around and shit and it's the cutest thing it's one of the cutest things ever I'm just gonna say that let me see that body butter again I'm gonna show you prestigious kings she got something for me yes definitely you need to smell good rub that body down too you don't need your heart you know trusty you don't need get them hands together gentlemen you know and them feets oh my gosh get them crushed ass feets get this love butter for the feets okay and the man there you go you got to get it together fellas I'm all about being masculine but that don't mean you have to be all questioning shit yes I think hard hands like that is just words yeah there you go I like a little callus you know little calluses okay let me know but not those calluses we need a knife to get along I ain't gonna lie I used to have them bad when I was playing basketball because when you dunking you know you hit them real hard so I used to have big ass knots on my hand see that's different that's different you got those calluses you got the basketball so that's normal when it's here but I'm pretty sure you still kind of took care of them though oh I'm good now that's just long gone but you can see like the remnants of where they were but there's still parts of my hand where I got scars and shit but it's not all rough questioning shit but you know you just got the war wound still there so you know but make sure you go get you some Crea's body butter love butter love butter you gotta put the love you gotta put the love word let's go go to creaslovebutter.com check it out and you see her name on the screen if she accepts you as a friend follower whatever you gotta do and then I also tagged on facebook we are on facebook and youtube but um right now but and this will also be edited down and going to the regular weekly Raw Fusion show provided all technical things are okay hopefully it'll be a lot tighter than it is today and they'll be able to check it out as well make sure you follow her business page which was tagged in the in facebook and uh let's see if I can put it on youtube as well people will be able to click on over there and follow her as well uh don't forget we've got the uh mental the movie this young lady donated as well and uh thank you very much and we're gonna um we're gonna see what's going on maybe I end up I gotta see if you can act I know you can act up but I gotta see if you can act now I can but this is this is a friend of mine and I've been fucking with her for years it's never worked together but this is basically the first time and uh it's cool I really appreciate you coming on my show I appreciate you asking me that's me forever look at you man why wouldn't I be on the show you know what I'm saying I'm a love buttery and shit I am I had to you know get it together let's see look at it look at it alright we're gonna have to stay right here before we turn okay uh Crea's Love Butter, Cre'Aye Williams on the show it's King B's Raw Fusion I'm gonna let y'all again later on ki-dee King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast great show great show don't forget to check out Crea's Love Butter at creaslovebutter.com C-R-E-A-S-L-O-V-E-B-U-T-T-E-R.com also don't forget to leave a donation right there at GoFundMe.com for the mental the movie that we can reach our goal to get this movie done to help people with mental health I'm King B and this Raw Fusion mobile data speeds reduced after 20 gigs