. How do you go from cable access TV show producer to working on the broadcast news? Find out right now, Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Hey, it is Super Producer Lisa Ann. You know what time it is right now. That's right, it's time for Raw Fusion with the one and only wonderful host, my man, King B. Ow. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B right here. And you should know by now that one of the biggest themes about doing business is business is all about relationships. Period. And as you haven't seen for the last episodes, since we started this podcast, I've been bringing on friends of mine who just happen to be very important people or people who are doing great things. And of course today is going to be no different. We got my homeboy BJ in the house. What's up bro? Yo, what's up man? It's an honor to have you on the show. So okay, let's take it back. I don't even know how, some people, I just don't even remember how we started with this shit. I know, you know what I'm saying? I just know you're so goddamn long that it's just, you know, BJ's has been around. It starts back to when I had my TV show of the same name as this podcast, Raw Fusion. And it was on cable access at the time. We had then moved to PBS. And BJ is a camera operator, director in his own right. He does a lot of things behind the scenes of television. Much of it you've probably seen. So the last time I think we actually worked together, we had Megan Good on the show for the second time. With the Tate brothers. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and all of them. Shout out to Lorenz Tate. Yeah, him and his brother is super cool. I think Taryn Thomas was there too at that time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, a whole lot of people were there. I remember that, but that was a long time ago. It was a long fucking time ago. And now you are a camera operator over at CBS. Yeah, man, full circle. Yeah, bro, you doing that broadcast shit. Yeah, man, it's just funny. I mean, it's a blessing. I'm definitely blessed. I'm appreciative of my blessings. I know what it came from. No great areas there. And, you know, full circle, because when I was an undergrad at Columbia, I had the fortunate opportunity to work for CBS with the 60 minutes crew. So I was around all of those legends, former legends that were currently working for CBS that I grew up on and looked up to Dan rather at Bradley. They put me under their wing, under their tutelage. So to come full circle and work for CBS again, but local, because I grew up on 60 minutes and CBS local with Bill Curtis and everything. It's just, you know, can't help but be appreciative. So yeah. Yeah, I know you work there. Yeah. But the only two things I think I watch on CBS is football and 60 minutes every now and again. Yeah, 60 minutes. You know what I'm saying? 60 minutes, I used to watch that. Yeah, I used to watch that all the time, man. And I didn't know that you worked at 60 minutes. That's crazy. Yeah, back in the day, yeah. Just brief opportunities to soak up some of that game and influence and that single handedly cemented my trajectory. It's like, oh yeah, I'm doing the right thing. This is what I want to do for a career. Have a look back. Have a look back. You know, I had talked previously. And yeah, I don't have any problem with people at Columbia or anything like that. I think that's a very good school to learn the technical aspects of television and filmmaking. The one thing they don't teach though is creativity. I don't think anybody can teach that. You know what I mean? You either have it or you get inspired to try to develop it properly, but I don't think you can teach it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can teach how to be technical. Yeah. But what do you think about that? You know, I agree because another portion of it, I was a adjunct professor at Columbia for 60, 60, 70 years. I didn't even have to apply. They recruited me. I graduated with honor. So I left an impression on mine. I left an impression on the staff, the administrators. So being an educator there, I can attest to the curriculum. I remember they had a creative writing class, but I don't, like you said, I taught technical stuff, advanced editing and studio. You're right. I think creativity is each individual. It's going different from each individual, you know, regardless if you're born, whether or not you can become creative, I don't, I really can't even, yeah, I don't think you can, like you said, teach creativity, man, I don't know. You can be inspired. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I don't know. You can talk about even teaching. It's like, it's just something that you, you know, develop. I say I never went to school for any of this shit. Yeah. I really got it wrong. That's because you're a sub-bot. This broke the mold came out like, yeah, you know. Like, fuck it, I'm here. Yeah. That's another man. I love it, man. I love people like that, man. Just, you know, going along with that. Dude, we really need school to do this. No, but we didn't write the rules. I tell people, we didn't write the rules, the game, but the blueprint on what to require prerequisites are to get in the industry through corporate, you know, but can you be successful on your own? Yeah, actually, if you, you know, you want to go against the rules, yes. But, you know, that's important to be said. Like, nah, you can get it. You can get it here. You just gotta be, you can't come in here half ass, basically, you know, regardless if you got school, education or not, you better be prepared to exceed whatever the expectations are. What a degree or about it, you know. Man, this shit is like, it's really like, you know, I played sports and it really is like a sport. You know what I'm saying? Like, there are so many people that are trying to be in the positions that we're in. And it's like, man, if you don't, if you don't come with your A-game, you know, they're gonna move right on over you and just forget about you in like 10 seconds. You know what I'm saying? Real talk. It's the truth is like, you know, because I'm a prideful black male, so I speak and I try to exemplify that in how I carry myself. So it's like, man, don't come in here embarrassing us or yourselves, whatever the expectations are, you should, like I said before, you should always be as a mindset. You should be willing to exceed them, lead by example, you know, have that type of mentality, like I still live, but I like, man, on my worst day, I'm gonna still do better than most. That ain't me and Eric and Akaki, that's just full confidence and it's essential. Like, man, you have to exceed the expectation because whether you wanna get on the boat well, well, they keep changing the rules or they keep moving the goal. Like, all right, well, you wanna be the best, be the best, you know, and I mean, and you know, it's inspiring when you push yourself, when, you know, if you apply yourself and you are assertive man. Right, right. I think some of the guys were kind of jealous of you, man, when I was over at PBS, because I was on Chicago Tonight. And shout out to Phil Ponce. He did the interview. And then I get off, of course, you know, they play some of the show, you know, through the interview to promote the show. And after I got off set, you know, one of the camera operators was like, look, man. Man, come on, I wanna shoot for your show, man, come on. These are making good, you know, Alicia Keys and all that. Hey, man, come on, man, I shoot for your show too, man. You know what I'm saying? We ain't got to tell nobody, you know. You know, we got to, you know, we got to meet some really good people, man. You know, and really beautiful people too. Like, you know, just being in circles, you around all this shit. And if you ain't no groupie, motherfucker, you, you know, you might, you know, have a good time. Just be regular, man. Like my oldest daughter of me always joke, like just be regular, man. Act normal, you know, all that extra stuff. Yeah, phenomenal industry of you and me on TV, video. It's definitely not enough of a disproportionate for real, for real, but it's wide open in terms of, especially now with technology and the access to, like you doing this pie, it's like, man, if you're not inspired, it's just really, it ain't no excuses. No excuses to succeed in this medium, you know, video, audio, film. No excuses. The equipment is way more affordable for anybody starting out of people that's been, that's situated. And to tell a story or, you know, put your passion out there on camera, behind camera, it's like the sky's limit, man. The sky's limit. And along the way, you meet some phenomenal freaking people. You learn it every day. Every day is a different, especially like with me working the news, every day is a different environment and it could be a sad story, but you're gonna walk away having learned something, being been inspired or meet some phenomenal people, you know, so. See, you and I have been in the game for a while. And I was telling someone else, the shit that we have now, it wasn't as affordable like you said back then. Back then you was spending the grip for this shit, man. Now it's a lot more, these motherfuckers are doing whole movies on iPhones, dawg. My hat goes off to them. It's like, whoa, cold. Yeah. And it's just amazing how affordable this stuff is now, as opposed to when we started in the game, you know what I'm saying? I go back to the jog and shuttle days, you know what I'm saying? A-B road. And now you're just getting, yeah, now you get a computer. And, you know, you can do far more things than we ever could have thought about doing back then, man. Very true, man. So there are no excuses. Nah, which is, you know, well, I'm always encouraging and hoping for more of us representation, like man, put those, put your ideas out there, especially if it's positive. Ever since I've been in the game, can't nobody ever say I ever contributed to any negative stereotypes of African-American. Because it's free, it's already out there. So I'm not gonna be one more contributor. I could be in the hood, and a person that don't know any better would anticipate something negative coming across and it'll be positive. They're like, yeah, I didn't know, yeah. I'm not, you ain't gonna have me out there contributing to anything. Because it's just too many stories to do that's positive or you can put a different spin on. It could be pimps, which I've done. And people be like, oh man, I was anticipating some ghetto stuff. These dudes was actually intellectual. I'm like, yeah, it's all in how you produce it. How you direct it. So yeah, I just, you know, it's just like I said, wide open, man, I just love the medium. I'll be doing this until I die. And like to see people like you still doing it, man, I need that, you know, people with no egos like us that can give another brother or sister a compliment without any shade. That's has a pose to be, man, just the poses. We are inspired and we feed off each other directly and directly. That's how the cycle is supposed to go. It's essential to continue to evolve. If somebody say different, they lack. I'm gonna, I wouldn't expect, yeah. Right, you know, I will say I have a big ego, but there's a difference, you know what I'm saying? I think if you have the ego, truly have an ego, you will kick your own ass to make sure that you are presenting. You know what I'm saying? To make sure you're presenting the best at all times. You know what I'm saying? When you come out, that's the best you got. Yeah, you're right. You got a healthy ego. That's the different people don't know how to disseminate. It's unhealthy egos and healthy egos. You got a healthy ego. It's the ones that got unhealthy egos and that's pompous acting that don't nobody want to be bothered with. Right, and honestly, about those people, while they look like they have an ego or confident, they're actually the most insecure ones in the room. Right, y'all. Right. The ones that are secure can sit back, look at somebody else do some good shit. That's fucking great, man. You know what I'm saying? And then turn around and say, okay, I'm gonna top that next time. So now you've motivated me and hopefully you look at my shit and say, that's fucking great, man. I'm gonna top that shit. And then we keep a healthy competition going. And that's great, you know what I mean? I can compliment you and say, man, that was a good job. You know I'm coming for you next time. You know what I'm saying? That's how it's supposed to be. That's how it's supposed to be. Remember, that's how it was when we were doing our award-winning shows. Like I remember the first time you told me, I forget, I don't know if it was that something. We met each other at a promotion event in E2 before it became infamous with the Stampede. And I was like, man, you were familiar with me and I'll never forget we clicked and that was the rest was history. But I remember when you told me, I think we were somewhere on Lake Street. You're like, man, I just got a deal with PBS. I was like, hell no, that's cool. That automatically you know somebody's doing something to right if you own a super legendary network yet conservative, you know, they ain't got all that wow stuff. You gotta be doing something to right if you get accepted by them. And I was happy as a person should be when they genuine. But yeah, people like us, creative minds, content creators was inspired by each other then, you know. You said, was it Shondale? Remember Shondale? He was doing something. I remember he was working with me on Real Flavor a few times and it was like he was using our shows as a platform to inspire others, teach others, but without the hate, without the funny actors. You know what I'm saying? Right, right. You know, he was on my, he was in one of my movies too. Shondale. Yeah, yeah, yeah, proud of that. I'm proud of all of us, the ones that came up through the ranks together and still keeping it real like we were doing back then. That's how, I just wish more of us were doing it. You know what I'm saying? Started at the bottom, bro. Yeah, man. Now we here. Yeah. Real Flavor. Yeah. Yeah. I still pinch myself. Regardless, regardless. Especially when somebody recognized me, like man, that show a bit off there, but DJ Real Flavor, like, oh man, thanks. Like, that shit happened like the other, about a year ago. You know what I'm saying? I'm just walking down the street. Yeah. And they ain't even talking about PBS. They talking about when we was on cable access and I'm like, damn, bro. Yeah. You know how long that was? Yeah, yeah, man. My head goes off to them to listen to people with some sharp memory like elephants are famous for having memory. And you can be entirely now with COVID. How do you recognize me with a mask though? Damn, you are cold. You should be a cop. Yeah, I love our residents, our viewers, our former viewers that took time to watch our shows and hear those props, man. That's phenomenal. And but that also, like I said, that attest that we were blessed to be able to do something good that was memorable enough and watchable enough for people to even recognize. And people don't know that back then, there was a lot of people that watched that, man. And we didn't have, we didn't have the streaming platforms and all this other shit that motherfuckers had today. Man, just thinking we did, godly. Oh, it's been over with. But you know, you know. We got them now, so we got to use them. We got reruns like a man, because how long was you on? How long, you was on for years, right? On cable, I think I did like two, two years. They went to PBS. Yeah. And about the third season was on PBS, so. That's what I meant about minutes ago when I said I still pinched my stuff. Because I never expected to do two years, let alone it ended up being 10 and a half years. But between the both of us, we got so many episodes and reruns that nobody has picked up the torch and tried to replicate or create sense, which makes it more exciting that we even chose to upload off-former episodes. It's like, man, this is how you do a production. You know, I don't know if I want to do that. Because you know, we've got better, and I know I have. And then I look at that old shit and I'm like, god damn. I don't know if I want people to see this again. But I mean, it worked for the time. And I was just learning. I was just, you know, I was an actor and just decided that the people with the control and the money was behind the camera. So then I went behind the camera. So I was learning as I went along. I was putting out episodes while I was learning how to do it. So now being what they call professional, I look at some of that shit and I'm like, eee. And then plus, you know, we didn't have what we had then. You know what I'm saying? We weren't, like I said, jogging shuttle, man. It wasn't no non-linear editing, none of that shit. So, you know, at least I didn't use it. So yeah, what I can do now, as opposed to then. Living you learn. You did good, phenomenal considering. Thank you. I mean, that's how we supposed to beat the ball because real flavor was my clap. But still case, you go to the job, whether it's having you get there, you went to school, you didn't go to school. You go to the job for what we aspire to become. I don't care what they're paying. They want you to do that job you had. Not all your other aspirational goals. So our creative platforms, which you, your show, and my show, all that did was create a monster because I was able to do everything I wanted to do and be proficient in producing, writing, directing, shooting, editing. So, you know what I'm saying? And that's what we took from it and we grew from it exponentially, you know? So, man, I try to share that with as many people that are like us that want to do that stuff. They're like, man, create your own production, your own show. Highlight your production skills in your show and watch you grow faster than any job you provide for you. And it'll show in your job. Cause they'd be like, man, this dude doing, he run this circle around his cat. That's because you're getting that auxiliary experience, you know, outside of working in the back. But that's how you do it through independence. Man, you had one of the best shows. Oh, man, that channel was, you know. Man. That show, there's a couple other shows. And then there was some motherfuckers that just wanted to do the shit and you could see the difference. It just wasn't, you know what I'm saying? They didn't put the effort into it. They should just go on there and fuck it. Yeah. You mentioned earlier, like some people that was probably hating. I'm like, you're doing right. It was that they wasn't going to say nothing to me. They would just try to phone and kick it in person. But I like, man, we from the hood, man. We sold down to earth and humble cause we didn't came through stuff. Like most people of color, but we had no reason to be anything but modest and humble. We were just grateful to at least be recognized. You know, especially them award shows. You're a big dude, man. Ain't nobody's gonna go talk that shit to you in your face. Man, I still don't put nothing past nobody. But that was a goal being able to go city, across the city in every hood and get them exclusive interviews and just hang out. Not that sit down cookie color type production. And man, and then to be nominated and win so many times. I remember like, you know, we both had some amazing accolades. I remember the first like Chicago Music Awards. And I didn't think we was gonna win cause that particular year Kanye was not, it was, they covered all music genres. So you had Jennifer Huston was there, if she had blew up and you know, salsa, gospel. And I came there like, yeah, I came there like, you know, they was in tuxedos and my man from the hundreds and my wife, we went there so casual. We went makes and Timberlinks and see, we was about to leave. I had a wild hundred hoodie on, repping, you know, prowling, but we drove the hood, but we, thank God, we also were able to be sophisticated. You know what I'm saying? But you know, that's how we would, we would super casual. And we've got the lead. I swear to God, we, our body motion was walking towards the door and the category, they were reading it and we were walking. They're like, yeah, top number one entertainment show in Chicago gave a real flavor. And I was like, hey, no, and I was a little, it was awkward because I don't like, you know, I don't want the, I don't look for the attention. But it's like, yeah, I got to go up here on stage and we dressed like this. Like, we got a dope, like a dope corner. I was like, man, I was, I was trying to stand behind that podium as much as I can. Man, but yeah, it's just, you just laughing at that stuff. But yeah, we, we did some great work, man. You, me and a couple of others, all my guys are Cootie and, Channel Zero. Channel Zero, they inspired me locally. They inspired Rap City and yeah. What's the other one? Your MTV rep inspired Nash. Oh, and you know, you, for me with George in New York, he had the first, and it's still going, first independent underground hip hop show. They call him Uncle George, but that dude legend. So reading about him through a sword magazine and stuff like that. But yeah, man, we, we really did, I think, all of us in the Chicago. Yeah man, that's a, that's, that's, that's really cool, man, to be able to kind of look back and see where everybody's at now. You know what I'm saying? There's somebody out there, you know, in LA. Yeah. I know Danny, Danny has a, Danny has a barbershop in hundreds. Barbershop, and I think if I'm not mistaken, he was the first one in Chicago, African American to get his, we dispensary license, you know. Oh really? Yeah. That makes a lot of sense though. Yeah, it just, man, you just, just always been a visionary, you know, super creative. You're getting high on your own supply, Danny. Yeah. Because you just might hear this shit. So, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I saw, I saw him a couple of years ago. I haven't been back to the shop in a while, but you know, since COVID, I haven't been moving around like that. So, you know, good brothers, man. Good brothers, man. Yeah, that's all. But we're going to take a break and we're going to be back with more from my homie, BJ, right here on Royal Fusion. Now streaming on the King B's Royal Fusion podcast. Listen to party is back. That was good, game. Yo. Just shout out to all the beautiful ladies. So, I never wanted to go solo. I just had to keep doing what I love to do. I was, I was keeping that name slick and I was going to run with it. But then I started growing and looking at the analyzing my music. Right, right, right. Added my real name to my stage name. And it works. At that time, I was just, please, you know what I'm saying? Somebody do something for we, for we lose it, you know? Because I didn't have to answer. You know, I still don't, you know what I'm saying? But I foreseen what was going on around me, man. I just got in the booth and cried out like, yo, you know, what are we going to do? Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion. Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast, wherever you get your podcasts. Raw Fusion. Now, what you're doing now, and I checked it out. Really cool, man. You have a podcast yourself with your daughter, which is just really adorable, you know what I'm saying? So tell me about this, man. Yeah, my youngest daughter, I got two daughters. So my youngest daughter is ZZ. She just turned seven, and both my daughters are gymnasts. So it's like I got four daughters. But when she was two, I started getting her on camera. My reason was to get her to be comfortable opening up, developing her personality, being confident, and it was never, and today it still isn't by force, it's by choice. When she wants to do it, she'll initiate it. Like, daddy, let's do Coffee and Cruise, but that's the name of the Coffee and Cruise because we would be in the car. And I would be taking her to Taekwondo or gymnastics ballet. We would just have a little short little conversation on the way to me drinking a cup of coffee and just cruising, and man, it's just, she's flourished in terms of, you can see it, from when we started to now, she's so articulate and just got personality off the charts. And I guess my goal from the beginning, the intention is worked because, you know, everybody loves seeing those episodes. Yeah, man, it's really good. You might have a little superstar in your hands, man. Watch out. Yeah, man. But you know, this might end up seeing her on the Disney Channel or something, you know what I'm saying? With her own show. Yeah, man, I take that, I take that, but, you know, if she wants to do it, I'm cool with, you know, and you know, we didn't touch on, like, the success. We talked about technology and everything, being so available, and that's off to people that create content on web series. Jesus Christ, it's impossible to watch regular TV or Netflix because it's so much great content creators with their content on YouTube. Man, you know what I'm saying? Who knows, who knows. Man, hold on. And you see, this is the kind of guy he is. Now, we talking about his podcast. Yeah. He jump off and celebrate somebody else. So he coming back to this podcast. Coffee and Cruise, where can they see this? Well, Coffee and Cruise is not on YouTube just because, I don't know, I'm just not in a rush and I'm protective, but it's just exclusively on Facebook. Since it started, it's inception, we load it up on Facebook. I don't know, I'm just as a father, protective. You know, you know, it's weirdos out here and I don't want her being this young to get too out there or if she doesn't get a certain amount of subscriptions or something like subscribers or likes and she internalize that, so I'm real delicate with that. You know, just let her grow more, be more mature. And so yeah, the next step, I guess, if she wants to will be to go on YouTube and teach her how to operate her own camera that she got six nephews and a niece. So you get all of them involved with her being, you know, the star of the show and lip man. So that's a possible master plan if they want to do it or she wants to do it. But yeah, just Facebook on my page, Coffee and Cruise was easy. It's BJ, BJ, AY Johnson at our own Facebook. Okay, so if you're lucky enough to be accepted by him, you'll be able to see the podcast there. And then when it gets comfortable, you know, then maybe you'll see it on a bigger platform. And of course I'll be pushing and promoting it on my show as well. So, you know, but that's in the future. Yeah, I appreciate it, man. And if she doesn't get the likes, you just blame yourself. Well, that's right. Just blame daddy. Just tell it, it's because of me. You know what I'm saying? When you get your own show and I'm not in it. No, I'm just kidding. But no, it really is, it really is adorable. And man, I just, you know what I like about it? I like seeing brothers being fathers. You know, I'm not a father. I don't have any children, but you know, to the brothers being fathers, man. And that's the reason why I kind of really want to push it. But I understand your reasons. But it's because, well, they try to have a narrative as if we, all of us are missing, you know? Yeah, yeah. For my children's lives. How long do I want to keep that narrative up? Right. You know what I'm saying? Some days old stats. Right, right. So for that reason alone, it's worth watching and promoting, you know what I'm saying? Not that the content is great, but just seeing the father of a little girl and being a real father, man, god damn. You know what I'm saying? I just love that shit, man. I just love seeing that, you know? And shout out to you, bro. You know what I'm saying? Definitely a man that takes care of his responsibilities. You know? That's just great to see. I appreciate it. And that's what we talked about earlier, just to throw in that, like, there's enough negative stuff out there. Man, there's way more positive stuff we can do. It's got, you know what I'm saying? And that's the whole intent, you know? Show positive representations of whatever you're doing, being black, that's it. Man, let me tell you something. There's a lot of people I know in this business. And they will not get on this show. Really? What do you think? I don't want them on the show. Oh, okay, you don't? Because I don't want them on the show. Yeah, yeah. I want to get good people, real people. You know what I'm saying? I don't give a fuck if the world knows them and it's great for ratings or whatever, or clicks or downloads or whatever it is, or someone that people don't know that's doing something. I'd rather have them, whether they're known or not, for people that I feel like I am proud to stand next to than just getting, you know, the downloads and the ratings and all that bullshit. You know what I'm saying? That's the great thing about being independent. When I was doing broadcast television every Monday, man, because my show was on on Sundays, every Monday I got the call, you know what I'm saying? And we talked over the ratings and all that shit. You know what I'm saying? And, you know, this thing here, although I do pay close attention to the analytics, is not going to stop me from doing the show the way I want to do the show. And the way I want to do the show is to celebrate people, real people, good people, you know, not just famous motherfuckers, you know what I'm saying? So, yeah, because everybody got a story, man. And as long as you stay with it. Everybody got a story. And you don't compromise, you're a piece of man and integrity. Man, there's plenty of success out here to do it the way you want to do it. Plenty of success. And these are the people that need to be celebrated. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? That I wouldn't bring celebrities on. You know, I got friends that are celebrities and, you know, they're good people. Yeah. So, you know, I don't have a problem bringing them on. But there's some motherfuckers, man, that I just know ain't shit. Yeah, right, right. I'm good, you know? And that was one of the things when I did Raw Fusion, when I was off air, not saying that any of the people that I had were like that anyway, no. But I did have a lot of national artists and actors and whatever on my show. And when I decided to do it this time, I wanted to start with Chicago-based people, which I didn't do then. So now doing it completely, well, I was doing it my way then. I just didn't, I didn't know, but you learn, you know what I mean? So my thing was I wanted to start with Chicago people that I knew they were doing great things that people should want to know. Now, obviously, we do a lot of shows. You know, I'm doing this every week. So some of those nationals and some of those names are gonna end up coming on the show as well. But I want to make sure they're good people, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And if they're not, then I'll bring them on to just to, you know, tell them what the hell is wrong with you and why are you doing this bullshit. Yeah, we had this similar recipe because when I started Real Flavor, I was an undergrad and it just took off. But my goal was never to, because it was oversaturated where you could see the national artists, international artists on other platforms, bigger platforms like MTV and stuff like that, B.E.T. My goal was just to, my goal was to always highlight Chicago talent first, but use the major names like Puff Daddy with his name before he changed to Diddy, to like, man, Puff Daddy on Real Flavor, like, nah, I want y'all to remember Pookie from the block is on the show with Puff Daddy. And that was the psychology and how I designed it. And that shit worked. I'm like, I don't care about the dead national artists. I mean, it's cool to meet them and especially if they down to earth, but you know, I want y'all to walk away with it. Man, we saw a lot of the skipping from the block on the show with, you know, your favorite, whoever your favorite artist was, nationally, in the natural world right now. And yeah, that's our apology for that, man, because we got a story, a lot of talent here. Yeah, man. Yeah, we most definitely do. And we have some talented sponsors. Let's give them a chance to get therapy soon and we'll be back with more Raw Fusion right after this. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash King B. Raw Fusion. You know, this thing is a passion. You know, I was talking with Cool Out. Yeah, Cool Radio. A few weeks ago, he was on the show and you know, we were talking about people with passion. Yeah. You know, do people really have a passion for this? You know, if you get into this shit just for the money, good luck. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You got to have a career. Yeah. Love what you do is seamless and the money gonna come but you got to love what you do and you got to want to be cold at what you do, you know. Put the passion up in it, man. Yeah. Just keep going and understand how long it takes to, you know, I left TV to do movies and man, people do not understand how much time I put into editing a film, you know what I'm saying? And by the time anybody else sees it, I mean anybody. I've been through that film about a hundred times. A hundred times at least, you know what I'm saying? I've watched it from beginning to end and then, okay, let me tweak this. Let me do this. You know, that's all after actually, you know, going through it, you know, scene by scene and take by take and blah, blah, blah. Man, I've been so up in that shit. You know, you talking about how many hours you put into doing that, you know what I'm saying? It's ridiculous. But if you want a good product that lasts the test of time, you know. Some of my movies I did 10 years ago, still selling. So it's like, man, listen, if you want to do this thing, you're going to have to put passion up in it. And documentaries, I love working on documentaries, doing documentaries and watching documentaries. It's like, man. Some documentaries, you start off and you don't know the end of the story and that drives me crazy, you know what I'm saying? Because what if I know the story, I know where we're going, then I like doing it. But I did a thing on Rock Fusion about the Chicago Blaze, which is a female basketball team, NWBL. It had a lot of WNBA players. We had like Tamika Catchings's shout out to her for getting into the hall of fame and a lot of other female basketball players. But it was driving me crazy because I didn't know where the story was going. I was just covering shit. So you're just recording stuff and doing interviews and I don't know where this shit is going at the end and, you know, with me, I'm used to having a script knowing what's going to happen in the beginning, middle and end. If we change something on a date, then that's okay too, but I have an overview of what's going to happen. That thing drove me crazy because I didn't know where this thing was going in the end, but it turned out to be great, man. It was a segment that people really enjoyed. So you can be done. Can't nobody tell our story better than us, but they'll be quick to not let you tell the story but let somebody that don't look like us tell the story do the work, do the production. They didn't get mad when it's not, it wasn't thorough or the production was good. They're like, well, that's what y'all are getting but not letting us do the documentary. Well, what else, you know what I'm saying? It's like, we have so many issues, so many mental issues, brother. We have to heal from and address and heal from, you know what I mean? Like I told the story of when we were doing ROOST 2.5 and there's a little kid on the set and one of my actors, what they call Caucasian was on the set and he was saying, well, is he the director? And I'm like, no, I'm the director. You're the director? Like yeah. I'm like, what are we teaching our kids? What are our kids learning? Yes, me, as dark-skinned as I am, I'm the director and he is my actor that has to listen to me. So it's just amazing the type of things that we have to heal from still to this day. So even from our own people, there's a sickness, there's a mental illness that just hasn't been addressed. So we're gonna work on it though. That's our job to work on it and to make our people better and make people in general better. Pay it forward, man, pay it forward. Every summer I try to do something because one of the times it's busy, but every summer I try to do something creative and release it. So, but one thing that is constant, our duty, I've been doing these anti-gun violence, PSA, shocking off with people that really were about that life. People that 20 years from murder that are good friends because they've learned, they've transcended from it. People that's been paralyzed from gun violence just to, because you're not gonna reach everybody, but the percentage that we do reach, that's always the goal. But like, yo, sure, the shooter's out there. Man, there's more to life than taking it out on each other, man. So that's what I will be working on in the next couple of weeks. But like you said, we gotta connect, put some stuff out. I'm honored. So where can we see those that you've been working on? Do you want to see what I raise? Yeah, those are on YouTube because I've been doing them for so long. So you, the real appeal media productions incorporated is my company, but on YouTube to see independent stuff, commercials, the gun violence on public service announcements, it's on our real appeal media production on YouTube. It's real appeal media productions on YouTube. Hey, man, I appreciate you coming on the show, bro. Yeah, same here, man. Enjoy the balance of your day and continue success, prosperity and everything you do. And to the list. Same to you, bro. For sure. Yeah, same to y'all. It's time to talk some shit. With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Time and time again, people don't realize one of the most important things about business, again, is relationships. If you keep good relationships, even if you have to take some time off, even if life happens, you can still always pick up that phone. Keep up good relationships. And if you have a good relationship or a good reputation, you can get right back in the game from where you left off. Relationships and reputations are key to good business and good friendships, by the way. I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.