Mental to the movie, we're talking mental health on today's Raw Fusion. If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan. Got my vocals on so I can check out the scam and open up my team. Eliminate the fake and when you got me a beat from Bobby Drake. And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk. Let's get raw. A typical night at the clubs. Let's get raw. You don't want to fall in love. Let's get raw. You got the fusion in your blood. Let's get raw. Into my ladies and my thugs. Let's get raw. Into the haters on the scene. Let's get raw. Don't be mad cause we got green. Let's get raw. The shit we trying to make the team. Let's get raw. Cause we taking everything. Let's get raw. Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B right here and welcome to Raw Fusion. As you guys know from my sixth movie, I'm getting ready to do a film about mental health. One of the interesting things about doing film, it doesn't matter whether it's a documentary or whether it is something that's scripted. Although I guess you can script a documentary, but that's neither here nor there. You have to do research on the topic that you are going to do the movie about. I mean, if you really want to do it well, you really have to do research. So in efforts to make this as impactful and as powerful as we can, I've enlisted the help of some real mental health professionals and I have a brother here that has done some very fabulous things in the city of Chicago elsewhere as well to help our community get to a place that they need to be mentally. And I think that's important. Welcome Dr. Obari Cartman. How you doing, brother? I'm doing good, bro. I appreciate you appreciate your work and I really appreciate you using your skill set, your talent, your passion and turning it to this topic. Happy to have more eyes and ears and hearts in the conversation about mental health. So a moment in the movement that needs all hands on deck. So I appreciate you. Thank you, brother. Thank you. You know, I went through a situation myself where I found myself in more of a depressed state, I mean, say a depression and didn't even know it. You know what I mean? It's like I went from grieving to being diagnosed with a heart condition and then being told by the doctor, yeah, you're going to die from this. Yeah. And it's funny. I had a Wildstyle. He was in the last week show. He was actually in the room with me when the doctor came in and I was like, no, you can talk in front of him. He's like my brother. And so, yeah, he actually got mad at the doctor. Like, how are you just going to say this shit like that? You know what I'm saying? And I realized that I got to the point where I was like, I don't really give a fuck if I live or die anyway. So it really doesn't matter. And it seemed like I was being tough. But then I realized what was going on internally. It took me a little while, but I realized what was going on internally. It's like, maybe I'm going through some shit that's more than just going through some shit. You know what I'm saying? And so I realized that I probably was going through. I didn't get diagnosed or took medication for it or anything like that. But I feel like I was going through a depression at that time. Because, you know, you should. I don't think there's any time where you should be like, I don't give a fuck whether I live or die or not. So that's that's kind of problematic. You do a lot of work in the hood. Where you I'm pretty sure you come across a lot of kids that probably in the struggle. You know what I mean? Maybe in a gang situation or whatever. And a lot of them, if you ask them, I don't give they'll say, I don't give a fuck if I live or die or not. Do you see that a lot? All of that all day. And part of it is what you say. Like there's a presentation of toughness. For some reason, we have connected this hard masculine, this desirable, maybe even a cool about how we how we want to project ourselves. It has to do with I don't give a fuck about nothing. There's something about not caring seems cool somehow or strong somehow. And it's really it's a strange phenomenon because there's nothing really strong about it at all. But I see it a lot. And part of it is part of it is that part of it is just the show. But I think that there's underneath it, just like you described, or some real hopelessness, some real sadness and grief and feelings of worthlessness and not being valued enough and not even appreciating what life is. So I think at the essence of it is a really dark space that a lot of people are in and don't have the words for it, nor the courage or the support systems to express it and process it and get to a place where they can be like, No, that's really that's really not OK. I want to do better than that. Because because there is something worth living for. And so but you know, a lot of me got that. And so it allows them to do self destructive stuff. We're talking self medication. We're talking the pills. We're talking the violence. We're talking abuse. I mean, it just turns into all kind of like when you don't care, like when you, you know, we either pretend like you don't care or actually don't think that life is worth it or that you deserve better than this. And there's a whole bunch of activities that you would do on the other side of that. So we got this. It's a real problem. You really got to get through this for a. Yeah. You know, I was talking to a guy in the streets. You know, I'm born and raised in the hood. I went to private school all my life, but I was I was born and raised in the hood. So I still have an affinity for my brothers and sisters in the hood. And I was talking to a guy and he was like, man, I don't want to get old. Like so I'm wild to say I'll do whatever the fuck man because shit, I don't want to be all old and gray and bro. And it was just like that whole conversation was fucking with me. It was just like, bro, really? Like he, I don't even think he was front and like, it was like shit. If I, if I get shot, I don't give a fuck because I don't want to get old. No motherfucking way. I'm like, really bro, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, you do some interesting things and we'll get to those in a second. But one of the things when we first talk, and this is the thing that I realized is that when you have a situation like a Columbine or whatever school shooting or whatever, they will send scores of mental health professionals to that scene. But you and I from Chicago, we know that there are places in Chicago, Chicago's great place, but there are some pocketed communities in which they have a Columbine every day, at least every, at least every week. And all we got is churches and liquor stores. And I don't know if. It's funny when you say a turkey, that's chicken or Jesus. We got a church chicken too. Some people eat away their pain, I guess. But yeah, that's really all they give us, man, is that. And I think there should be more, you know, there should be some mental health professionals deployed in these areas to help the situation there. Here comes the other question though. If they do that, how many people would actually go? Yeah. You know what I mean? Because we had that, man, I ain't got no mental health issue. What did you talk about? I ain't sick in the head, I ain't crazy. And then I ain't going over there. You may be the actual one that needs to go. What do you think about that, bro? I got lots of thoughts about that. Well, when you said the word deployed triggered a thought about what's going to happen soon, I believe, I have some concern because of the amount of conversations that the mayor and the president have been having and just the need for the city officials to look like they're doing the most that they can, that I feel like they're going to do too much. And it's not even too much. And it's really the direction in which they go. You can really understand how people see a people and a problem based on their solutions to that problem. And in Chicago, what we're about to see is control and violence in response to the violence through the National Guard, through the fairs coming through, through, and we've already seen it, the increase in the budget for the police, build more prisons, get more cops in the street. So when we said deploy, that's the image that I think the city is going into. That's the direction they go. That we need to deploy more troops and to quell these young people because they're out of control, because they need structure and they need bigger guns to make them think twice about the shootings that they're doing. But what you discussed when you said deploy, you had a whole other direction, right? You saying that the problem isn't these wild kids are animals and they need to be locked in cages. You said they are people and they need to be healed. And cities don't think like that. Like these systems of powers that be, they have created these hoods and we called them projects before. It's a scientific experiment in some ways where you stack poverty on top of poverty and then you take the resources away and then you make them dependent on the systems and then you watch that over generations and then you start injecting chemical substances and then you leave boxes of guns and it's an experiment that these hoods are created. So there's no interest in investment in the people and their well-being there. So when they get too much out of control and it starts to bleed into downtown and it starts to go in the high park, then oh no, we got to contain this, which means bigger guns, right? If we talk about black people, brown people, humans, families, children and what they need, then you're very right. What they need is support. They need healing. They need wellness opportunities. They need good food. They need water and rest. So just like what every human need, if you don't conceive of them as humans, then you just contain and control them. And so to the point of whether or not they would go to therapists, has a lot to do with how we in the field have defined what therapy is and looks like. And that is still very much rooted in these same systems of European domination and control. So I got a PhD in white psychology. I had to learn a bunch of old white men and white ways of thinking about healing. And now if you said a bunch of us into the hood to give diagnoses and have people sit in the room and talk about their problems all day and do it in a way that they sometimes feel judgmental or labeling and off-putting and have some distance. And then we come in and pop up, chat for a second, then go home. Then I do think that that would be un-inviting because I don't know that that's what therapy needs to look like in these hoods for us. So I think the part of our role as professionals is to adapt and to adjust and to meet people and deliver services in a way that is appealing to them, that is culturally appropriate to them. And I'm saying to them, but it's really, if you got a bunch of black people, then we get to say, are we doing this for us with us? And so you don't have to jump over some of the same hoops. Because right now, if you wanted to deploy a thousand clinicians, therapists, counselors, it would be hard to get a bunch of black people to do it because black people are not even in the field, certainly not black men. So you're going to have a bunch of white women, therapists coming in, having black people talk about pain and trauma caused by systems that are profiting from the pain caused from white people. And it's already disconnect, right? Just being able to speak comfortably and being judged and looking at these white girls and being like, you don't even know what I'm talking about, or you don't even know my life. Like, and I don't trust them. So there's a barrier already there. And then the setting is all put. So like all of it has to be considered. I think there's a lot of movement that needs to be happening towards integrating therapeutic conversations into group settings, to going to schools, to going to barber shops, going basketball courts, using hip hop, using art movement, dance, like making therapy, not sitting in the circle, I mean, sitting in the chair and on somebody with a little pad, taking no spot through the whole time. That's our job. Our job as therapists is to expand our notion of what the work needs to look like and invite the community who knows what they need sometimes may not have the safe space to express it. But we're not dumb. We're not just waiting for somebody to come and heal us. We need people to get off our backs, move out the way, and allow us to use the organic wisdom that comes through, flowing through our blood. Just like we breathe and we breathe and wisdom in. Like we got connection to the first people on the planet. Like we're not dumb people. I don't even know that we would need professionals to come in and fix us. We just need to create spaces where we can do that organically, bring collectives, have that be the intention of the time and the space we're doing it, incorporate fun things, art movement, food, whatever it is, and do it. And I believe we can fix this. I think we can fix it on our own, to be honest. And I think that there are people that have spent a lot of time thinking and studying healing methods that could help support that. But it can't be the way that the system is set up right now. The traditional mental health system in America cannot heal the problems that have caused the kind of pain and trauma and chaos that we're seeing in this list today. That was a long answer. No, that was a good answer. But the funny thing is, I've been doing this for a long time. There are few times where there are so many stems for the next question that I can go with this one, that one, that one, that one. That's just good, man. Here's the thing. I'm trying not to make this political, but maybe it needs to be political. Most of these hoods are democratic run. And I'm going to leave that there because I don't want to turn this into something else. But it's important to point out. I had a conversation with a guy, and I was really trying to get out of the conversation. He really wanted to talk about it. He was an official, I won't say his title or anything. But then I'm like, come on, you guys know what the problem is. Like, no, I don't know. Okay, so if you spend all the time setting up problems, and I generally think he was different, maybe not. If you create a situation where you have all the money going out of the hood, you got all these different people coming into the hood. And I don't really care what color they are, but they're not giving back to the hood. You may not get a job. And if you do, it's going to be some shit. I mean, to have Walmart workers, I don't know if they fixed that problem or not, but still having to be on government assistance. So they're going to give you, if they give you a job, it's maybe sweeping up or being security or some of that. But they won't let you behind that register unless you're female. You can talk about that later. But all these people in the hood taking boatloads of money out of it, these places aren't poor places because they don't come over here to make sure that you have good food or good liquor or whatever the hell it is. They're coming over here because they know you got money. And you won't employ the people there. So therefore they go out and get money however they get it. And then even some of our people sitting judgment of these people, when these opportunities are not there for them to make their money elsewhere within their own community. So I've had a big problem. And then when we had the looting, if you don't know me, I get a lot of people don't like me because I'm very truthful and I'll call out shit even if the way I see it. Let's put it like that. And people are mad about looting. So they said, well, you're tearing up your own shit. You won't go downtown and do that shit. And these young motherfuckers went out. Okay. And they went downtown and did that shit the next day. And I'm like, oh, these are some new brothers. You know what I'm saying? And then when they did that, these same self-righteous motherfuckers sat up here and said, well, y'all just making us look bad. That's just ridiculous. Come on, bro. Like you made out the hood. That's cool. You know what I'm saying? But there's some people that didn't have the skill set. Some people that didn't have the foresight. Some people that wasn't willing to marry into somebody else's money, even if they didn't like them, whatever it is, it's called the truth. So now you think you can sit in judgment of other people and you ain't lifting a finger to come back and help somebody else. You're not coming back and opening businesses in the hood. You know what I'm saying? You're not doing any of this shit that can actually help. So when I was talking to this guy, I'm like, listen, this thing gets solved in five years with education and economic opportunity. It's solved. Yeah, there's going to be a time for healing as well. But when a brother in the hood has a business and he's able to employ 10 people from that hood, then you multiply that times all the businesses in the hood or at least 80%. Man, these little young motherfuckers is going to be like, listen, man, I've been working all day. What the fuck did we have beef about? I'm tired, man. I don't want to fight today, you know what I'm saying? But when you give them nothing else to do, of course they're going to use that young energy, just like we did when we were kids to do some of the wrong things. So that's what I wanted to say. But then you said music and I'm like, this is a good question. Do you think that the music, because there was this controversy a while ago, do you think the music has an effect on people? A lot of people say it's just music, well, it doesn't matter. Then there are some people that says, you're listening to this shit every day, all day, hip hop, it affects some people. What is your take on that? I think the music has an effect. I'm up that camp. I don't blame the music exclusively for causing the problems. It's like, I don't think the kid play GTA and then go out and start robbing cars. I think it's a combination of things that influences who we are and what we do. But I think all of it, I think we're such a powerful people that it requires everything around us in our environment. So it takes the food, the schools, the politics, the media. It takes all of these systems to be concurrently working together to keep us stuck in place. We're that kind of powerful. But the music is one of them. I think it's one of the arms of the weaponized medium to attack the mind and submit a frequency and shape the identity. And I think we talk, I don't mean hip hop in general. I mean the very specific corporatized white run hip hop that only allows a certain amount of images and themes to be expressed over and over again. And I think that repetitive, just like if you, a lot of time when you learn anything, you put some music to it and you repeat it over and over again. So we learn ABCs like that. You learn, it becomes the building blocks of your identity and who you are and how you see the world. If you use the melody and the rhythm and the words, combine them and repeat them over and over again, I think it definitely shapes, or at least it influences who you see yourself to be, what you deem to be cool or desirable. That's why people use hip hop to sell shit. You could stick some. Some liquor into a song and then everybody want to go by cabacier. I think those things are very deliberate, because there's a mechanism that the brain responds to using music, rhythm and words repeated over and over again. So I think there's no way that if anybody listens to a song 20 times, that they're not influenced by it, that they don't hear some lyrics, that they don't subconsciously or very overtly seep into who they are and who they're becoming. So I think that we have to be very careful about what we allow white people to introduce into our young people's ears, that they hear over and over again. We got to be more careful about that. I ain't gonna lie, I feel like I'm intelligent. And there are some times that, like I said, I keep it real. There are some times when I'm trying to think of the alphabet and I have to play the damn song in my head. It's the right damn alphabet. Right. Right. Right. What comes after, what comes after QA? A, B, Z, D, D, right. So it works. It really does work. And I keep telling people, people like, I'm not influenced by the media. And I'm like, yeah, okay. Do you think that there's a reason why they spend millions of dollars for commercials? Right. They're just doing it because they want to spend some money, right? No, because we are telling you what to do. We do that in the media all the time. I've been on, I've been on broadcast television. I know the back room meetings to you, to them, you are cattle. You will do whatever the fuck we tell you to do. Period. And it's proven, you know what I'm saying? Instead of going into the store to get some tissue, they'll say, give me a Kleenex. They don't promote as much. But back in the day, they used to promote it a lot. And they, I mean, I'm gonna give me a Kleenex. It don't, get the cheap Kleenex. You know what I'm saying? It's not, you'll get the paper, the napkins. Go get the cheap Kleenex, which is not Kleenex, but they still got Kleenex in it. Go get the Kool-Aid. Not that Kool-Aid, get the cheap Kool-Aid. So that is like, subtle influences that we don't respect. You know what I mean? And so even as a filmmaker, I love gangster movies. I really, really, really, love gangster movies. They make money. And my gangster movie is my top selling movie. So it's not that I did it because I wanted to make money and knew it would, but it's because I simply love gangster movies. But see, here's the difference. When I saw Goodfellas as a kid, I saw that shit in like, hell no. This is what you motherfuckers do out here in the streets. That's right, that's right. I'm good, gee. I'm going to school. Where's go school? Okay, I got to go to school there. Because I'm not going to do this shit, y'all doing. There are others that look at that shit and be like, yeah, I'm going to be the toughest gangster. That's a really interesting idea. Because the gangster movies, the movies don't, they're always tragedies. They don't really make them to look cool, really. I mean, they might look cool for a moment when they're on top for a second. They always lose though. They don't have gangster movies, most of them when like, it's just people, people look like, they like to happy at the end of the day. If you really watch it, it's misery and trauma over and over again. All right. And so, but the hip hop don't do that. Music don't do that. Music makes it all of it look cool. Even when they're being more honest, which I appreciate about the pain that they're experiencing and using pills to cope with that. Like they'll be honest about that. They were still presented as desirable. And so that's the, that's the difference. How do you, how do you use the media, the art, the images to make somebody want to do a thing versus show them that, nah, this is the life, but like it's full of traps. And, and you don't want this. I do, I work a lot of young, you know, I do a lot of organizations with nine, you know, nine violence, talking to the healthcare, talking to the shooters. And even the vendors that they bring into the spaces, the life coaches, most of the people I'm in, in rooms with a staff, even though, you know, the adults, most of them been locked up. And there's something, there's, there's a, there's something cool about that. It's hard to even put your finger, like, but there's a, you know, when a young person meets somebody and they see me, who, you know, I got a PhD and working, doing my work, but then they see somebody else who been locked up. Something about that person that's been locked up gives them an advantage. Because they got like, there's a cool fact that they went through that right of passage. They, they tested and true. We still don't talk about being locked up as a badge of shame. We don't say, now I got caught up by the system. They fucked me over. I fell for the Okie-Dog. I should have done it. I'm, you know, I'm embarrassed about it. I can't believe they got me wasted these years of my life. We still present these kind of hood stories, like, desirable. And until that switches into music, it's always going to cause the ripple effect. It's always going to recycle itself over and over again until the artist can keep it real, tell you stories, you know what I'm saying? That's your life, tell a life, but present it in a way. The frame of the story changes how the viewer receives it and, and, and rap music makes it, makes it desirable. So then, so then we wonder, why are kids, why are they, why are they seeking that? Like what you want would drive your, and that's the biggest motivation, you know, there is, like, what do you desire? What do you want? What do you see for yourself? And then you will, you will fight for that, like, so then, like, like you say, I can bring good food into the hood, I can bring therapy, I can bring these programs, but if they don't want that, they don't want life, they don't want happiness, they don't want joy, peace of mind, whether they believe they deserve it or not. But if the music is shaped to their desire, and they will fight against you to go back towards the streets, because that's the thing that they've been shaping their desire for, their craving for. That's, you know, you can have an addiction to a thing that's eating you apart, but you can, if you crave it hard enough, you would fight tooth and nail for it. And that's what we're saying happening. We're saying people fight for a thing that's killing them, and that's the chaos. Yeah, a crackhead. You ain't gonna fix no crackhead until the crackhead wants to be fixed. Right. You know what I'm saying? I don't give a damn what you do, what you say, where you take them, and unless you lock them up. A crackhead ain't gonna, ain't gonna, and hell, they may find a way to get some crack in jail. A crackhead ain't finna stop being a crackhead until the crackhead wants to stop. You know what I'm saying? So I think that, and this is the thing, we have a tremendous ability to adapt. So when you get into areas of, okay, this is what it is. This is the hood. This is the things that go on in the hood. You know, we started adapting and accepting bullshit. You're gonna go to jail. So now, going to jail, we adapt to make that some kind of badge of honor. Instead of saying, no, this is really not, this is not the way it's supposed to go. But yeah, you're right. If you go into the hood and you haven't been in jail, they're gonna be like, I don't know. I'm listening, but, you know. But then the motherfucker that spent a bit, oh, okay, yeah, now, you know. And I remember that whole scared straight, you remember that they used to have. They stopped doing that show. So I think there's a lot of different things that shape how people in the hood think. And a part of that is our own doing, you know what I'm saying? But we gotta take a break and we'll be back with more from Dr. Obari Cartman right here on Raw Fusion Raw Fusion! I go through it back and forth. I love women and I love a scantily clad or naked woman, but I start to get worried about, even with some of the photography I do, I start to get worried about have we gotten to a place where, I mean, that's fine for models, but now everybody thinks they're a model. And quite frankly, you can go out on a Saturday night and you don't know who's selling pussy anymore. You know what I'm saying? It really used to be, when I was coming up, you go on a strip, you know who's selling pussy, just by the way they dress. Now, you can't tell who's selling and who's not selling. It's like we didn't get to a point where everybody feel like everything should be out. And that's become the norm. And so now, again, as an artist I'm faced with, do I do what I like or has what I've done or contributed to become a negative instead of what I saw as a positive? And I think the problem happens for us as men, I don't know how old you are, I'm 41. And I'm realizing that men my age get to a place where we start to interrogate that very question once we have daughters, nieces. We got little women in our life that we care about. And then we spend our whole adulthood, the teenagers on up, having these categories, like distinguishing the women that we care about from the random average woman out here, so I could treat her in a certain way. But if somebody treated my little niece, my sister, my mother in a way that I treat all these other women, then we, you know, tell them I'm going to kill them. And there's a disconnect between men. It takes us until we have our own daughters to think about what are the images that I think are healthy to be promoted and supported. And until I see my daughter be like, man, you know, she's going to TikTok and she's twerking on Snapchat. That's when I'm going to be like, man, maybe this is the problem. And I think that's too late. I think that we need to, as men, challenge ourselves to at least ask these questions earlier amongst ourselves to change the man talk, the locker room talk, if you will. People are like, you know, it's fun. I like it. It's good. But what does it mean for it to be the most popular image and me supporting that image and then teaching the other men in my circles that this was cool again, like this was desirable, that we have a lot of power in that as men to redirect some of that. And I don't think that's on women. You know, I mean, they had their own conversations. I don't want to influence that. But when I talk to men, that question is something that I want us to struggle with more often. What's healthy for the community beyond just what feels good in the moment? Well, like what's good for us deeper than just, you know, a nut or just like the eye candy? Like what's actually healthy for us? And if we ask ourselves those questions that I think that we can, like you say, as filmmakers, as producers, as consumers, that we can shape what the culture looks like in terms of male-female relationships. And what's acceptable, you know what I'm saying? I, in my own life, over and over again, I've seen this happen where a woman will come to me because of an expectation that she thinks men want this thing. And then I can shape that. Like, I'm like, no, that's not, I'm not interested in that. Let's just talk. Let's just, you know, let's read a book. Let's go to a museum. We have power to shape what is desirable back and forth, but it starts with us taking our own responsibility to say, no, I am, you know what I'm saying? I'm a king, you know, you King B, you know what I'm saying? Like what would a king mean? Don't, don't, don't mean dominate and control. To mature that childlike version of, you know, being, you know, sometimes like animals in the way we, we see ourselves. And I think that's our conversation. Like I don't, I don't tell women what to wear or what they need to go. But I do, I do try to encourage men to say, you know, what are your standards? And then have people respond to that. But we, that's just a man. That's our conversation to have. I'm with you. See, okay. I think, I think some of it has to do with, I'm just, I came up, you know, there was a distinction between a whole and a real woman. You know, that's what my learning was. And so I had no problem identifying that. In a woman, but not in a man. There was no distinction between a whole and a man. Those things were the same thing. There was no shame. There's no, you know what I'm saying? How, how are men able to have, who are the men having sex with? If we able to have as much random sex as we want, who is it going to be with if it's not some woman? But we don't make that distinction for ourselves. I think it was, I think it was Comet. No, oh, AMG. I want to be your hoe. Right. And then Comet did say, I'm a hoe, but not a whole figure. Let's put it like that. But yeah, you know, that's very true. That's very true. But we, we had a clear distinction. There are some hoes and then there are some, and that's not acceptable, but it's acceptable to hit, you know what I'm saying? But that's not what you settled down with. And then there was a real woman that you settled down with. And now I don't see that distinction. And some of it, I think I do like some of it. I like women taking this, this claiming of being human beings that enjoy sex too. I don't think there's no wrong with that. Right. Do they want to be, they, you know, sex is fine. It's a natural, you know, we're doing it healthy and safety. And women enjoy sex just like we have always enjoyed sex. And I think that's fine. My question about it is usually developmentally appropriateness. So when I think about my niece who is 13, I think that there should be content that she's not exposed to in conversations that she don't have yet. Yeah. Thank you. I think it's too early for some, for children, men and women, boys and girls, to be exposed to certainly explicit conversations and images about sex. And we've lost that. When I was, when I was, when I was growing up, I had a Victoria's Secret magazine. That's all I needed. You know what I'm saying? But right now you go to the internet and, include a porn hub and you got a world of images and ideas. And we, they've been sitting home in the pandemic for a year. We have no idea what these kids have been doing on the internet. But I'm telling you it ain't, it ain't developmentally appropriate. And so the idea that women enjoy sex and they like it, they want to dress how they want to dress and wear what they want to wear and be pleased and doing it for themselves, not even for us. Like, I think that's a good idea. But I think that we, we're encouraging it younger than it's healthy, in my opinion. Yeah. Me too. I see these, these videos of parents videotaping their child twerking and all kinds of shit. And I'm like, they like five. Like, what the fuck? Bro, that male or the male. I don't want to see that shit. Like, you know what I'm saying? They're like fucking five years old. Don't, don't do that shit. You know what I'm saying? Like if you're an adult and that's what you want to do, okay. If you're an adult and you want to have your ass out, everywhere you go, okay, but you should not have 13 year old girls wearing the same shit that, as a matter of fact, they didn't get to the point where old women who dress like that or older women who dress like that. They're like, you too old to dress like that. That's what the young people, no, what the, no. So what's the parallel for the man? So you're talking about a young girl twerking or a young girl with an ass out, a booty out. What is, what are the young boys doing? What do we allow for young boys to see, to watch, to listen to? Are we turning the radio off when the young boys come in? Are they watching us? I say the same thing about, I say the same thing about boys too. There was actually the one that I was looking at, they had a grown man doing a dance. Okay, and then it was a TikTok video. And then there was somebody with a little boy doing that shit and I turned it off because I'm like, I don't wanna see no little boy. Well, I didn't really necessarily wanna see the guy doing it anyway, but I was trying to figure out what the video was about. But I don't wanna see no, I definitely don't wanna see no little boy over there gyrating and shit. No, that's not, that wasn't, that wasn't cool, that wasn't funny. None of that shit. And a lot of that shit is not just men. We gotta understand that a lot of our men are being raised by women now, you know what I'm saying? And even the little seeds we plant in a man's head, a young boy's head, are you gonna be a lady killer? Right, right, right. You're gonna have all the hoes, you know what I'm saying? You're gonna have all the little women after you. We're telling him that in order to be the cool guy, you gotta have a whole bunch of women at least desiring you if not being with all of them. Right. You know what I mean? And if you got a bunch of beautiful women desiring you, it takes a special kind of strength to not indulge. Come on, let's give you what? You know what I'm saying? If you got women coming for you, and they all find, you know, you gotta be focused in a different way in order to not accept at least half of it, you know what I'm saying? And so, I think a lot of this is also, we gotta understand who's raising our boys now. And so, there's a lot of it. The problem with that is connected. The idea that in the reality, that there's a majority of families in the black community that are not two-parent households, you know, and men might still be involved. They still, you know, pick up their slender and hang out with them, but they're not in the house, which means that there's a lot of, how you describe men, single mothers raising boys. And then the inverse of what you're describing of teaching a young man to go play the field and collect women is to teach them by demonstrating that what is actually desirable, what is actually a grown man thing to do is cool, is healthy, is to marry a woman and to demonstrate a long-term committed relationship. And I want my sons to see that. I got boys. I want them to see their father in a long term. I want them to, I go to more funerals way more than marriages or weddings, right? So we have lost that motivation, desire, discipline, skill set as men to marry women. And then to show young people that is what you want to aspire to. To have them see two men and a woman in the house. It ain't got to be your parents necessarily. Even if the co-parent thing don't work, you know, you got a baby with a woman, don't worry, that's fine. But men aren't even encouraging ourselves, our peer groups to be like, nah, you used to offer that. Like you had to find, you were 20s, but you were a grown man now. And what a grown man now looks like, the definition of that, it is no longer to find a woman to mature, marry her and live happily ever after. We don't even push ourselves to that. It's not even desirable no more amongst the men that I'm talking to. It's not about men, it's like, fuck, I ain't, you know, there's no interest in that. And so until that, until we get that back, there's no counter-balancing the messages of collect women, the lady killer player, pampered players, that there's no counter-balancing that. They gonna see it, and they gonna see the absence of anything else and think, well, that's what men do. Men just fuck women all the time. Is it just the mindset of the man though, and the, or the conditioning of the woman. I had a bunch of women on the show, five of them. You know what I mean? And we were talking about love relationships. Stood like a man, you can check it out. Stood like a man and represented against five women and had them understand a thing or two, too. Because as a man, I come up in a different situation. I'm not married, I don't have kids. I really never saw myself getting to this place. Yeah, when I was young, I wasn't thinking about it. I was thinking about it, but I was like, yeah, a few years down the line, I get married. But I wanted to. Now I'm in a situation where the vast majority of women that I see, I don't want to date. I don't, I don't know. I don't want my woman, I don't want, first of all, I don't want to tell women what to wear. But if you wearing that, I don't want you. You know what I'm saying? You gonna wear that shit outside? No, no, no, no, that's not what I want. It's the craziest shit in the world because there's a photographer who shoots a lot of women, a lot of models in various states of address. Some women assume that that's what I want to marry, or that's what I want to be with long, long term. And no, that's not necessarily what I want to marry, or else I would have married one of them, by the way. So, you know, and they're like, you got all these beautiful women around you, blah, blah, blah, and then they kind of back away. And I'm like, look, if I wanted them, I would have had them. So actually I'm looking for something else. You know what I mean? I came up in a church of God in Christ until I was like 15 years old. Some of that residual shit is still stuck in my head where you wear the long skirts and all that shit. Now I'm not saying that a woman has got to be with me, has to wear the long skirts down to the ankles, but that's what I saw when I was growing up. I had a balance, you know what I'm saying? I think that's what we have is a lack of balance. You know what I'm saying? So I would prefer a woman that covers up. You know, when I'm in my play-play time, that's when I go and get the one that's got a tits out. But the one, when I want to settle down, she ain't going to be doing all that, and I won't have to ask her not to do all of that. I don't want to be a dictator and say, you better not wear, no, that's not for me to do. I don't want the woman that would wear the other shit. You know what I'm saying? Whereas there's some other guys who enjoy that, and they feel the need that they have to put their woman on display in order to boast their own manhood. That ain't me. That ain't me. There's a public persona that I have, and it's what I do, but then there's me, the real person that's me. The real person is me. I don't want that. I don't want none of that, not for marriage. So now I find myself in a place where, you know what I'm saying? Stripping, and I know a lot of strippers, and I try not to be judgmental to them. They do what they're doing, that's what it is. I know a lot of porn people. People in porn, I had one on the show, porn stars. But am I gonna marry a porn star? Probably not, you know what I'm saying? So it's like we've gotten to the point where this is acceptable, and then expect a different thing out of these people. When back when I was coming up, if you was doing that kind of shit, you just knew you was probably gonna be single for a long time. You know what I'm saying? So that's the choice that you made. Now we have zero balance. It's all strip clubs and hoes and pimps and tricks. And I don't give a fuck. Bill Cosby and the Cosby show was the balance. That I saw the Huxtables, and that's what I wanted. The Huxtables, you know what I'm saying? At one point I was gonna be a lawyer because my sister's a doctor and I looked at her medical books when I was a kid and shit scared shit out of me and I never would be gonna be a doctor. So I said I'll be the lawyer. So that's what I wanted. That's what I wanted. That's what I saw. That's what I wanted. We don't have that balance today, you know? And part of it is, again, who's owning and controlling the shit that we started in hip hop. We used to have a Pope righteous teachers. We used to have a KRS-1. We used to have a public enemy. And then we had Luke and AMG and all these other motherfuckers that had ass shaking and all that other shit. But there was a balance. There is no balance today. And that's my biggest problem with it. I agree with that like a balance in terms of the corporate media version of it. But in terms of like the hip hop scene in general, there's still new versions of KRS-1 for righteous teachers. There's even hundreds of them. They're using. Yeah, but they're not getting the play. They're not getting the play. I think it's our responsibility as seekers to find them supportive problem. I think that's our job. We can't complain about what the corporation is doing and not doing all day. But if I am not doing my most to find those artists, going to the open mics, being on the internet, I can scroll all day, go to the sites where they congregate and find any albums, buy them, support them, pay extra form, share that on my social media. Like I can do that. I have the power to promote the thing that I want. And I think the same is true for Dayton. Like my world is different than yours. I'm not around a bunch of models and strippers and porn stars. I'm in conferences. I'm on panels, professional intellectuals. And there's a city full, a world full of women that are out here that are doing their work, that are going to school and raising children and contributing to the community. And if you have a preference for someone that dresses more modestly, there's a bunch of them. And they don't. I got to hang up. Okay, don't be mad when I call you and be like, bro, we got kicking in your circle, bro. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. And they want to be married and they want to connect with other brothers a series about, you know what I'm saying? Committed. Like if you want that, it's the same thing with the music. You got to seek that thing. Go to that place where those people are. You know, if you're at the club all the time, then you're going to see people that like to go to the club. But if you get live music, if you're at conferences, if you're at the seminars, you're at the museum, you're going to see a different type of people. And I think that's the thing we need to teach for men. Seek the thing that you want and teach them how to do that. How do you do that? How do you seek healthy? How do you seek productive? How do you seek successful and define that in a way that's true? But those are things that we can teach in terms of standards and principles and character and skill sets. We've spent too much time complaining about what we don't got, what we don't see. And it's right here. It's right in front of us. I need to learn. I do. I'm learning every day. You know what I'm saying? That's one of the beautiful things about being in film is that every new subject becomes a learning experience as well. So like I said, if I call you and be like, bro, I need to get to one of those conferences. I don't just figure this shit out. And that's what we got to do. Because unfortunately, just hanging around in the circles that I hang around in because of business, they ain't there. They're not over there. So, you know, and that's just a product of my choice and profession. But here's the thing. You were saying something, picking and promote what you want and support what we want. And that's one of the biggest things that I've been preaching. I had a post about Sha'Carri Richardson. And I'm like, Okay. Well, y'all all on her shit now. And you're ready to, you are ready to boycott the whole damn Olympics because she's not running. But where were you? Where was all this fucking support when she was starting out? Now, of course, everybody didn't know her. But with the people that knew her, why weren't you pushing her then? Why weren't you promoting her then? Why hadn't one of her videos gone viral? Or, you know, because you knew her and she was fast and you promoted her, you pushed her shit and it got out there and it went viral then. Why was it that you had to wait until so-called white people told you to go out there and support this young lady? I said that as an example, not just for her, but we all have people and I've started to do that on my page as well, just promoting businesses that's other than mine that I don't get any kind of residual money from that are doing great things. And even when I came back with this podcast, when I did my TV show, I had Alicia Keys on my show. I had Megan Good on my show. I had so many well-known people on my show and the mistake that I felt that I made was those people already have promotion. It's good for ratings, but they have promotion. So when I came back to do the show again as a podcast, I wanted to get people in Chicago or people that I knew that were doing some great things. Shout out to April Prayer who introduced us. She was my first guest. I wanted to get people that you may not know and maybe some people from Chicago that you know, but people you may not know is doing great things and I'm going to put you on the show and I'm going to promote show shit. What are you doing? She's actually been on the show twice because she came back with the quiet coaches. So that was my thing, but again, I had to learn. And I'm trying to, why is it that we may have the dopest person sitting right next to us, the dopest rapper, the dopest filmmaker, the dopest clothing designer and we sit there and just look at their ass until someone else comes and tells us, no, that person's dope. They going with us. And then you like, I was there for the beginning dog. You know what I'm saying? That's my whole, that's my motherfucking man, but you wouldn't promote push by do shit until somebody else came and said they was dope. Um, I mean capitalism, we see value and what we deem successful and we want to be connected to that once it is determined successful and the success is defined by certain amount of money or certain bracket and that is determined by the powers that currently be. And we don't have an independent do-for-self mindset. We've lost that over time, I think. And I think until we get that back. Integration, I could argue. Mmm, what they called the Negro Leagues. The MLB wouldn't be shit if it wasn't for the people that were in the Negro Leagues. So I think once we joined up and linked up, they took all the shit, all the good shit and we went over there. Pumped up their shit instead of staying independent, pumping up our own shit. So I'm with that. Before we get about it here, one of the things that you do and it's interesting that you were saying it, you know, I believe in, at some point, we have to almost, it's almost like we got to trick ourselves back into the right thing to do. From the outside, not knowing. They may see you with your bongos and shit. They're like, this ain't no goddamn, this ain't no damn therapy session. All over here having fun. This is not what therapy is supposed to be. Can you explain what it is you do and the way you do it when you are, like you said, taking a different approach to helping mental health. Because I will say this, certain things I wanted to stay away from in school because I didn't like school. I didn't like the way they taught. I'm a more hands-on person. I learned not by going to Columbia, but actually doing film and television by doing it. And for some people, they learn better in a different way than what is traditional, like going, sitting in the lectures and all that shit that makes some of us want to go to sleep. I learned by doing. So I want to talk about the approach that you take when you're doing your different sessions. Okay, yeah, I have to talk about that. But the way you describe it, I love, I want people to say, that don't look like therapy. It looks like they haven't fun because people are more likely to come to that. And it doesn't matter to me that you call it therapy. That don't matter to me. I avoid the word if I can, just to avoid the stigma or the resistance. If you come in and we sit in a circle and we eating, we play a hip hop, or we listen to lyrics, we print them out, talking about what they mean. We watch some clips and having discussion about it. We play in drums, we moving, whatever it is that you see that is appealing to you, it looks like fun or engaging or entertaining. And then you come participating in that and walk away with some new skill sets, some new insight into yourself, some new connections with others, some understandings of yourself in the world. That's the therapy. So you can engage in an activity that has therapeutic effects that has healing benefits that moves you to another level and you don't experience that as therapy. That's my goal. Like that's the dream for me. I have a bunch of black people in the hood, in communities doing things that are therapeutic, that are different from what they consider therapy to be, but they walk away whole, stronger, healed, more resilient, more hope, with better relationships. Like that's my dream. It's for people to just have the impact, the result. We're going through a process that looks different than they had imagined. There you go. Dr. Obari Cartman, he's going to be working on the movie Mental, also Mental the Movie. If you're going any go-go, you can definitely donate. We got to raise this money to make the movie. And I appreciate you, brother, for what you're doing and then being a part of the movie as well, because we definitely need your insight while we're making this damn thing. All right? Appreciate you, bro. Appreciate you, bro. It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Well, we've got a lot of things, a lot of issues that we need to overcome as a people together. People think that mental health issues are simply personal. And that's just their shit. Sometimes we don't realize when mental health issues creep into our lives. And of course, because of the stigma attached to it, people don't look at it realistically. If you catch a cold, well, that's a physical health issue. Well, we're fine with that. But we look at mental health issues as if, well, they're just crazy and you can't help them. No. There are mental health issues that are just as curable and healable as the common cold. And then there are some more difficult issues just like there are more difficult physical health issues. And we start to look at this thing realistically. We can start to help people heal and make it more acceptable for people to seek out different healing processes. It's the reason why we're doing a movie, ladies and gentlemen. And of course you can help going to Indiegogo and searching Mental the Movie, The Road to Mental Health and donating. Really important. You never know whose life you'll save or help save. People with some mental health issues going on sometimes commit suicide. Some people with mental health issues actually perpetrate violence and other things on others. So the life you save just might be your home. I'm not trying to scare anybody. This is the truth. We sit back in judgment on other people on what they go through and we don't realize that sometimes mental health issues are at the crux of what's going on. Whether it be in the hood, whether it be in rural America, wherever it may be, some things, not all, of course. Can be a result of a mental health that's gone undiagnosed and untreated. It's time we do something about that. I'm King and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.