Nah, fuck this, man. I'm finna go off Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen. King B right here and welcome to Raw Fusion. You know how we get down around this time. We're just gonna kick this thing off, man. Cause there's a lot of bullshit in the game right now. As of the time of this podcast, you know, the Olympics are going on. And Simone Biles, she has taken herself out of the team competitions and of the individual competitions. People just, there's some punk motherfuckers that's just rolling around, you know, never accomplished shit in their life. Never been anything but a bum. Don't know what it takes to win or be a champion. Never won shit. You know, probably the little kid that was picked on at school. You know what I mean? Got their lunch money took and dumb shit like that. They got something to say. And these bitch made motherfuckers that run around talking about. She quit that she let the team down that she's not a real champion. She's not the goat because she couldn't take the pressure. Let me explain to you lame something. Now, see, when the only thing you do is go to a job, get told what to do, get told when you can go to the bathroom, get told when you can go on vacation, get told if you can go home when you're sick, get told if you can go help one of your friends or something if they're in trouble, get told everything to do in your life. You have a different perspective. Now, that's not saying there's anything wrong with the job. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is you have a different perspective from someone who is a boss, someone who their work is their own business. You see what I'm saying? Because they can say not today. That's what they can do. Now, my thing would be preferably if she was fucking with the whole Olympics. I would be happy if she said after the Olympics. I really wasn't going through anything because they've been fucking with her. See, when you're at the top of your game, you're better than everybody else. Sometimes they have a problem with that. Sometimes they have a problem with you winning all the time. So she's doing shit that no one else has been able to do, certainly not around in her time. And they won't even judge the shit correctly. It's so difficult that they said that they wanted to not judge it on the merits of how difficult it is, but to down judge it so that others won't try to accomplish what she's accomplished and hurt themselves. Now, if anything is a cop out, if anything is some punk ass shit, if anything is someone quitting, is those who said they shouldn't judge according to its rightful judgment of difficulty. That's quitting because you don't want others to get hurt. But these same types of motherfuckers decide that she should go out there when she's not mentally prepared to go out there and risk getting hurt. See, this isn't basketball or soccer or any one of those other softer sports. Oh, sure, you can get hurt in basketball. Sure, you can get hurt in soccer. Notice I didn't say football because football is another one of those sports that you should not be out there if your mind is not right, because at the end of the day, you can die. Most people unless they have a preexisting condition won't die on the basketball court. Most people won't die on the soccer field, not from just playing. You can get hit the wrong way in football as someone who someone did when I was going to college. They died in practice. If your mind isn't in the game, you can get hit the wrong way. Your neck goes the wrong way, snaps and you're gone playing a game. When you are doing any of that on the high beam or parallel bars, even that tumbling shit, you know, the floor exercise and you're jumping that high and flipping that meantime. God damn it. You have to literally wait, or I do, to see the replay, to see what Simone Biles actually did because the shit goes so fast and she goes so high and she flips and flips and flips and flips. What the hell does she do? I just saw some shit in my face. I don't know what the hell it was. It was just a flip, flip, flip. It's a blur until you actually look at the slow-mo and then you see, wow, she did all that that quickly and efficiently. Yeah, there was no one else that was going to beat her. It was lock, stock and barrel and sometimes being put in that position gives you a different perspective, gives you a different level of intensity and it can fuck with you mentally and knowing that, well, I might as well change my routine because they're not going to give me the credit for it anyway, but then I should go for it anyway. Look, you flipping this shit up in the air like that and you don't have your whole mental capacity and maybe your equilibrium is off or whatever it is and you don't know where you are and you come down on your head. Then everybody's saying piss ass motherfuckers would be sitting up here saying, well, she knew she wasn't 100%, she shouldn't have went out there. You know why? Because you're bitches. You just want to have something to say. You just have a miserable ass fucking life to never accomplish shit in it. And so when someone else who comes along who accomplishes great things, you look for every little thing you can nitpick on to try to bring them down to your level. But that's not going to happen. I don't give a good goddamn if she doesn't. Well, I do. Actually, I would love to see her. But not to the point where she risks her health, her mental health or her physical health to entertain us. Yes, the sport. But at the end of the day, we're watching it because it's entertaining. Yes, she gets a medal and some money. But at the end of the day, it's for entertainment. And maybe your life is worth that. Maybe you should go out there and flip off a building or something because you're a piece of shit. But her life is not worth entertaining us. So her mental health is not worth entertaining us. I believe she's trying because no one works that hard for so many years and gets to the biggest stage. I don't know why they're the fucking they call themselves the biggest stage. But, you know, the people in the sport seem to think that it's the biggest stage. So if that's in our mind, said no one no one works that hard to get to the biggest stage and keep getting to the biggest stage and know that you're the best out of everyone out there and just says, fuck it. I wish she did. That will be great because that's what they deserve. The Olympics does not deserve small miles in this competition. Because if you aren't going to count what she does correctly, but you then want to plaster her all over the Olympics and and use her image and and her being a part of it to market the whole Olympics, well, you don't really deserve her unless you're going to judge it accordingly. You want her to sell the Olympics for you because she's great, but you don't want to give her the credit for being great. That's a cop out. That is indeed giving up on your teammate because in entertainment, essentially the athletes are the entertainers and they are indeed your teammates because I guarantee you if there were no athletes, the committees, some of them were former athletes. That's cool. But these committees and the people that run this shit, they get out there and do that type of shit, no one's going to watch. You see, it goes back to the same stupid motherfuckers that say NBA players shouldn't be getting paid the money that they get paid, but not a god damn one of them say that the owners of the organization shouldn't get that much money. They get far more money than the players are and yet you put them fat bastards out there on the court and no one's going to watch. So why shouldn't the people who actually make things entertaining get a good share of the money? Football players as well. Football players put their lives on the line every fucking Sunday so we can sit around and cheer because at any time, anytime, that could be their last day. Fuck their last game. That could be their last day and we take it in stride and don't give a fuck and then complain on how they could be treated differently in society or how they could make so much more money and a teacher should be making just as much money. No, a teacher shouldn't because a teacher is not teaching millions of people at the same time. Now, if a teacher, if teaching was on TV and a teacher was servicing millions, tens of millions of people, then yes, they should make the money, but they're servicing a small amount of people. So if you give every teacher in the world and the teacher has a 30, a 30 person class and give them $10 million, there would be no money and you don't want to pay for that. And every one of these motherfuckers saying that teachers should get all this money would not want to pay the taxes that would be required in order to pay these teachers this money. See, you say shit out your ass and you don't think about shit logically. Again, if it took one teacher to service 10 million students, then goddamn it, she should get paid that $10 million. It's only a dollar student, but you are entertaining tens of millions of people and you don't think that the entertainers should make any money. Fuck you and fuck you because you're a dumb piece of shit. Not only a piece of shit, you're a dumb piece of shit. So cheers to Simone Biles and I hope she gets over it quickly. I know she's very, I'm pretty sure she's very disappointed, but she's smart and she did the team was a great service. Now, let's say the flip slide is true. Let's say she keeps on going. She got a bad score. She made a bad vault and that's probably because of the reasons that she stated, but we have to think about is she kept going. Maybe one, she hurts herself seriously. And the two, maybe the team doesn't have the silver medals because she wasn't scoring as well. So to take herself out of it might be the reason why they are silver medalists now. But of course you dumb. Some bitches never thought about that. Why? Because you don't think you're dumb. So anybody that sees anybody bashing Simone on social media, you really, you know, because of some of these algorithms, they fucked it up so badly that if you go to custom out and they give, and you go into a back and forth, it actually increases. They don't, they don't look to see if these motherfuckers are stupid or not. The algorithms just pumped them up. So a lot of times when you, when they say stupid shit and it angers you and you, you, you, you say something back to them and then you get into this back and forth and the only thing it's actually doing is increasing their visibility. So instead of doing that, don't kind of block them, delete them, block them. And if they get too over the top and you know, you got mutual friends, go and tell your mutual friends to block their ass too. Then get them off social media that way. We're going to take a break. We'll be right back with more Raw Fusion. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash King B. Speaking of social media, I got into it again this week. So I made a post. I don't even know if I want to go back and read it verbatim. Basically, what it said was if there are so many women that have babies or start families with different men, why are they so against a polygamous relationship? That's hit some people kind of hard. The dumb motherfuckers hit them hard. There were some women there and I will commend them. They were very smart and intelligent and had good points to say, even if they would kind of disagree with what I'm saying. But I didn't say what I'm saying. See, I never said that there was a problem, even though there is. And most people would agree. I didn't judge the women for having started families with so many men. I said, if you're going to, if you've done that, then why should you have a problem with a polygamous relationship? That's what I said. So then you get these women to come on and say, well, I don't know if women intended to have so many babies with so many different men. I don't give a fuck. It really doesn't matter. It does not matter. That's not part of the situation. And they say, well, why would you want to judge someone on their past? We all have a past. I didn't say that. First of all, I said, actually, I specifically said in the question, I'm saying this without judgment. But here's the thing. It's not your past. Unless those children are no longer with us, it's your present. And women like to say really quickly and fast, they got such a such kid and their package deal. So that's your present based off of something you did in your past. You know, unless it was a criminal act, you knew that you could have a baby if you did it. So it's not like you were just walking down the street and popped up pregnant. If you did something in order to get pregnant responsibility, take it a lot of women don't a lot of men don't a lot of people don't like to take responsibility today. But you did something and it happened. So you could have not done it. But in today's society, being fast and throwing your pussy around is okay. It's acceptable. Do you boo? No accountability. But even that's neither here nor there. Here's the situation, my friends, take into account what the man has to deal with. He now, if he really wants to be with you, he has to deal with you and whatever your attitude is. And for most of those dummies that responded, the attitude is piss poor. So that's a problem. And I don't know what kind of head case he is wanting to be with you. But that's, that's, that's, that's one dealing with you deal with the 123456789 10 kids that you got with 1015 guys, whatever it is, because some of y'all don't even know which one of the dudes got you pregnant. Um, if the man is doing his job, the other guy is doing his job and is in that child's life and you are co parenting, now he has to deal with him too. Well, you may say, well, he doesn't have to talk to them. But yeah, but you have to. So he has to deal with you talking to him. Some women don't want their men to have women friends. Some men don't want their women to have male friends. They don't want you all up in their face. And sometimes that's a good policy, because if you're so lucid to see your pants, who knows what happened. But he still has to deal with you setting up meetings or setting up whatever you got to set up with the child. So he has to deal with all of this because of your Polly families. And yet you are so selfish enough to say what you don't want to share his dick. So you can be selfish, but he cannot. He has to deal with all of the extra shit that comes along with dating you or being in a relationship with you or being married to you and you just have to deal with him. Now, one interesting young lady said, well, would the guy be okay with her if she wanted to try something different too? Now, normally I'm not going to respond because I do like I said in the last segment, a lot of times I don't respond. If you just go off and ask me a whole another question, and you ain't answered my question, fuck you. But this one was interesting. So I said, well, if he has no kids and you have a bunch of kids by different dudes, you didn't try it enough different. She didn't have enough different. Hell no, it's not okay. It's his turn. See, we live in a male in a society right now that is really against men. Men get a lot of the shortest ends of the stick. I mean, just being honest, women have so many things to empower them. I hate that fucking word. They have worn that shit out. I hate the fucking word. Now, do I have a problem with women being boosted and promoted? No, but when it becomes not just about pushing women forward, but it becomes about tearing down men, it becomes ridiculous. And a lot of this is giving women, I mean, you could literally the woman could be a crackhead, and he's still going to have to go to court, prove that she's crackhead, then prove that she's unfit. And the guy could have the child in his care and still be paying child support to the crackhead. Sounds crazy, doesn't it? Yeah, but it's actually a true story that I know of personally. And it also gives women a feeling that they can do whatever the fuck they want to do. Now, I'm sure you can, but here's at some point, but here's the problem. That doesn't mean that you're going to see they get they push women and I feel bad for them because they're they're being led astray into a life that they don't want. Because at the end of the day, you can do certain things, but there are certain repercussions and consequences that come with those things. And because you've done those things, and you're independent woman, all the women, you know, that bullshit, then you find yourself by yourself, because no one else want no man wants to deal with that shit. And then or turn gay. And then a lot of women don't want to deal with that shit either. You know what I'm saying? So now you in a in a shit situation where you are probably going to be single for the rest of your life, or you find someone else who was just as irresponsible and had 17 kids by 17 different baby mothers. And, you know, y'all may be able to work that shit out, drive each other crazy, probably well those damn kids, but you'll probably be able to work that out. I don't know. But see, it's simple. Yes, that probably wouldn't have been the ideal thing for you when you enter these relationships. But a lot of times you guys don't take the time and we covered this weeks ago when the when the when the five ladies were on. You don't take the time to assess who your mate is before you had these goddamn kids with them. I literally had a model. We became close, not that close. But we were cool. And we sat down, it was lunch or something. And we were talking. She was talking about our relationship. And I said, well, and all the problems and different things. And then she was accompanied to one of the shoots that we did. And so I saw what she was talking about. And I said, well, the good thing about it is you're not pregnant. And I would recommend that you end that shit now before you get pregnant. And she actually agreed. Did she do it? No. Did she get pregnant? Yes. Did the relationship fall soon after? Yes. So if I can figure that shit out after one meeting and just the shit that you've been talking about, you're in the shit. And that's the problem that a lot of people have. I'm not just going to put it on women. A lot of people have you're right there in it and you don't see it. But then that's when you listen to other people who can see that this is a fucking idiot. And if you get pregnant, you're going to be dealing with the shit by yourself. But you don't listen. You keep doing it because it's your life and you independent do whatever the fuck you want to do. And then when it goes to shit, you want to blame everybody else. And don't judge me and all this whole shit. No, that's not how life works. Unfortunately, you may be by yourself for a long time until you learn how to deal with life. It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast A lot of today's messaging has to do with mental health. Even the relationships that you choose to be in sometimes are a result of mental health issues or trauma that you may have had in your life. That's why we're doing the movie and also being an athlete is tough sometimes mentally. That's why we're doing the movie. There's different kinds of ways that mental health issues affect us. Some are traumatic in long term and some things can be fixed more easily. Mental, the movie, that's what we're going to be tackling. So I would implore all of you guys because we do have to raise the money, the budget for this film to go to indiegogo.com and search mental, the movie, the road to mental health is on there as well. So that can let you know you're on the right campaign. Mental, the movie and donate. You can be helping yourself. You can be helping a loved one. You could be helping the world in general because a lot of people are walking around with mental health issues and some of them know it. Some of them don't. Some of them have been diagnosed. Some of them haven't and this movie can help them. Once it's done, we need the funds in order to do that. So indiegogo.com, search mental, the movie and we appreciate you sending a contribution. It doesn't have to be a lot. It could be $5. It could be $1. It doesn't matter. Why? Because if everyone does it, it all adds up. I'm King B and this is World Fusion. or inclusive family building, science and compassion work together here. Visit pacificfertilitycenter.com to request your consultation today or visit our San Francisco and Marin County locations. You don't have to navigate your path alone.