Raw Fusion International. Right now. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Ladies and gentlemen, we are doing something different today on Raw Fusion. We have an international connection. Making it happen. All the way from Botswana is Hazel from the Hazel Speaks podcast. How are you doing, Hazel? I'm doing great. Yeah, how are you? I'm good. I'm good. Hey, Lou, you are a teacher, right? Yeah, I'm a teacher. I teach business study subjects, but specializing in accounting, actually. Business study subjects entails commerce and accounting and commerce and office procedures. So that's what I do. How did you get into that sort of thing? I didn't plan to be a teacher, honestly. Okay. I started, you know, I was doing a different course and then it didn't work out. That's when I dropped out there and then went for teaching training. It was just then Plan B, actually. It was Plan B. What was Plan A, or do you not want to say? I loved accounting a lot. That's why I ended up teaching it. So I was doing an accounting course. So, and it didn't work out. So I ended up going for teaching. Okay, okay. That sounds good. So you would teach adults, correct? Yeah, I teach in junior and secondary school. So we teach teenagers actually, like some more adults. Yeah, I can say that. So the secondary school is kind of like our high school. Yeah. How do you like doing that? I can say I'm enjoying it. The problem is that when students do not pass the subject that you teach because most students, they tend to believe that accounting is a very difficult subject. So they are not performing well. So in a way, it kind of lead it to me not enjoying what I do. You know, we all want the results, right? Right, right. Yeah, and then when you do something and people are not performing well in what you're doing, the results are poor. It's you can't say you're enjoying what you're doing. I love the subject. I love teaching, but what is happening now just makes me not enjoy it. How do you think that can change? You know, I think if there are the students that we're teaching, if they can change their perception, like not believing that this subject is difficult because I think mostly it's all about attitude. If they can change their attitude and if we meet each other halfway because there's no need for a teacher to like put more effort while others are not putting more effort. So I think the attitude change can help a lot. Changing the attitude. Yeah, changing the attitude. I loved math when I was in school. It was one of my favorite subjects. And my contemporaries, they were absolutely terrified of math. Yeah, everything that means with calculations, people are terrified. Yeah, I don't understand. I always equated math some kind of way to money. So I had, you know, being able to count money. So I loved math. And then you're an accountant. So, hey, that is money math. So I don't understand that people don't. You know, maybe the other problem is that this side, like it's not like where you are. This side, like myself, I teach in a very rural place and it's not easy to change the mindset of the student that we teach because they are not aware of what is going on out there. They just come to school to be taught. I wish if they had an idea of what they can become. Like maybe the environment is also killing them. Let's talk about the environment there. Here's the perception of a lot of people. First of all, I hate the term Africa because it's named after some dude, Africanus. I really want to know what it was called before that so I can start calling it that and change that narrative. For terms of purposes for people understanding Botswana is in the southern part of what they call Africa. Here's the perception here and I don't know if you guys know that because I know that there are many parts in many different countries in Africa. First of all, a lot of people think these are states, like we have states and people need to know that these are independent countries, not states. You know what I mean? The second misconception that a lot of people have over here is that they usually have these damn commercials and it's just a bunch of hut houses and people with big stomachs with some kind of disease. Can you tell people the truth about Botswana? You know in Botswana, like as a country we don't have those people with big stomach as a disease. Actually, it's a developing country. I won't say we have developed a country. The economy is not that great, yes. But most people right now, like you can find, most people are working. So I'm just trying to hustle to get a living. But the funny thing is I won't say our entertainment industry is there yet. We are not that big country. I think around 2 million people, I think. So we're just a developing country. The economy is not good since this corona thing it has hit hard. You know, we're just a democratic country. There are lots and lots of rural places. Yeah, we stay in houses that are fetched by grass, yes. That's true. We don't live this luxurious life that we every see you guys enjoying that side. You don't have that. Okay. Yeah. Well, look, there's a lot of places here that don't have that luxurious life. So don't feel bad. But I'm surprised that there are only 2 million people there. Actually, in the city of Chicago alone we're at something like 3 and a half, I believe. So that's just in the city, not the state. So that is not a lot of people. Especially because you guys are so much bigger in size than our city, you know what I mean? So that's interesting. Botswana, if you don't know, it's a tourism country. Most people come here, foreigners. They come here for tourism. We have lots of places to visit this side. We have Kasane, we have Tuli Block, lots of them, Maun. You should visit one day. So nice. But I think what can change is that people should be taught on how to be independent. Because what our government is doing right now, they are providing for most people. And since this corona thing, the provision of what's been provided is now low. It means people have started suffering in a way. So I think teaching people how to be independent can help a lot. Like most people will go far. People should learn to hustle. People should learn that we should not depend on government. Like, you know, the people offends are being given food. Old age people are being given food and money, pension. And some students are being given food. You know, it's all about giving. I think what can change right now is for people to know that it's a high time they learn to be independent. Because we don't even know where we're going. Like the way our economy is right now. What if the government is not able to provide anymore? What will happen? So, yeah. That's one of the other things that we do over our fusion. We talk a lot about business and being independent. I'm an independent filmmaker, as well as on the online store, thendcindy.com. And I've had several other business owners on to talk about business and how they can, how people can grow or start their businesses. So I think that that's very important. And so we have a lot of work to do over here as well. But right now we have to work on these bills. So we'll be right back with more with Hazel Maseko right after this. That's robotfusion.net. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at Patreon.com slash King B. I would like to talk about the perception of us over there. What do you guys think about the United States as a whole? I said before that we envy what you guys are enjoying their side. To me personally, when I hear people like, I normally be online, read a lot. I would hear people like begging, asking for money, cash apps and all stuff. You know, I used to like believe that you people go that side. You have everything that you need actually. That's what we think. Like I would say when I grow up, I want to go leave that side, you know, because I used not to believe that people who are suffering that side. I'm just looking at the lifestyle of others. So we think you guys are living a luxurious life that side. There are some, and I won't lie about that, but there are so many more that aren't. And it's just so happens that the ones that do typically are the ones who are broadcast on TV and, you know, all on Instagram and all these other social media platforms. I'm just saying that a lot of people are stunting. They don't really have all of it. But, you know, what they are, there's a lot of money over here. There's a lot of money that can be made. But to believe that we all have it, that's not really true. Here's the thing though, and I believe it to be a myth. Because whenever I found people that come from your continent, the ones that I've encountered have been really cool with me. Maybe it's just me or whatever, because I'm a personable person. I like to talk to people. I like to talk to different people. And you got that accent. I just love that accent. I really do. But there is a perception that you guys can't stand what they call African-Americans. Like there's a separation of discourse or some kind of animosity or dislike. What would you say to that? It's all about history. You don't even know what happened. You don't know why there are people who are called African-Americans. But most of us, we are looking up to you guys. I don't know, maybe the old people have unsettled scores. But we just want to have a successful life like you guys. That's what I'm saying. Sometimes you always Google and say, you know, I want to be like that. I want to be like that. Just looking at the African-Americans. You know, I was once at my lowest point. Before I started having a blog, I was going through some shit. Like I couldn't sleep. You know, I was broke. I have kids. Like I was like, you know what? I would read a story about this other lady Lupita. She's an actress. I think right now she's staying that side. Yeah. She was in Black Panther. Yeah. Yeah. That one. And I was like, you know, I want to be like that. We envy you guys. You don't have unsettled scores. Like we want to be like you. We want to be successful like you. We just want to see how or know how it can be done. And that's one of the reasons why I wanted to do this. I'm really excited because I believe that there are certain factions over here that are successful and a lot of them are successful because they have a connection back to the origin of quote unquote their people. And because of the narrative that, you know, we're supposed to have some sort of animosity towards you guys and you guys are supposed to have some kind of animosity towards us. I think that we don't take advantage of the fact that now because the internet we can connect and we can work with each other and we can help each other and we can inspire each other. And I think that that connection back to the motherland is a really good thing. It's paramount. I think that we should. I would love to if we could just work together more. So I was super excited. Well, listen to your podcast and agreed to come on the show because we got to go past these myths and we need to we need to work together so we all can come up and that's important for me. Yeah, we need to work together, help each other grow. Like I was so excited also to do this. Like it's my first talk real talk with someone from Ken American and I'm just hoping I'll learn a lot from you. I mean now that we're connected, you know, whatever for me, you know, you can always reach out to me and we'll see what we can do and see how we make that thing happen. Do you guys in Botswana, I know there are a lot of a lot of films that come from the continent, but in Botswana or even the surrounding countries, do you guys have like a film industry down there? Yeah, we have. Like I said, like this side in Botswana is not like the entertainment industry is that big. Still growing, but we have. Are they good movies? This story is actually drama. A lot of drama, huh? Yeah. Those interest me. I like watching, I like watching foreign films. I believe there was a guy from Nigeria who came over here and he was talking about doing some films and I don't think the money ever came through, but I was fully ready to go over there and start doing some movies over there too. I just, I really feel like I want to be part of what's going on over there. And at some point, I probably will come over there and see what we can do. That's a good point. How do you think I will be received? You know, most people want to be successful, right? And if you come here to help, though you'll be doing something also for yourself, I think you'll be highly welcome. The reception will be good because right now we're just here, we want success. You want to do more. Like when I wrote my book, we're just still being edited now. I just saw it as a one day being released as a movie or something. You know, we want that. Most people want that this night. What's the name of the book? Broken Mask. Broken Mask. Okay, okay. Yeah. Where will it be available? I think beginning of June. Beginning of June, I believe. Broken Mask is a very emotional book. Is it going to be on Amazon or something like that where people over here can be able to get it? Yeah. It will be. We'll talk more about it when it's just about to be released, published then. Definitely. Let me know so I can let people know to go check it out. I'd be interested in seeing what it's all about. Is it fiction or is it nonfiction? What is it? Broken Mask is a true story that I went through. It's a very personal book. Yeah. It's a very personal book. Like I lived most of my life wearing a mask like hiding pain behind the fake smile. So I just had to write about it. What made you start your podcast, Hazel Speaks? Before I started a podcast, I was just writing articles on my blog. I said my podcast, just basing on me being the voice for the voiceless. Because this side, most people are afraid or maybe let me say they don't have the courage to speak about what they're going through, to talk it out. So I just said, no, you know what? Let me just be the voice for the voiceless. Try. It's sort of some sort of a campaign actually like how people to speak out, to tell them it's okay. It's okay to tell the truth. It's okay to express your emotions. So that's all about it. Just to be the voice for the voiceless. How's the reaction you're getting from this? Most people are reaching out to be like, there's this podcast that I wrote that I did. I recorded about, though I was not a virgin, it robbed me of my innocence. Like most people were reaching out to me, asking me to do a campaign, an anti rape campaign, because I'm one of those who are silent after going through that. I'm sorry to hear that. I think, I may say, the people's reaction right now is just okay. It's not yet there where I want it to be, but I think it will get there. It's sometimes difficult to get the message through, but you speak loud enough. Someone will hear you. And I think you can be an inspiration to a lot of people, not just women, but men and women. Because we all go through some things, don't we? Yeah, we do. If you listen to the other podcast about toxic relationships, I even stated that even men find themselves in toxic relationships. Some of them are even ashamed to live because the society is brutal. So each and every person, either a man or a human or a child, you go through some stuff. So I think one day my voice will be heard of what I'm trying to do. I love that, man. I love it. People who decide that they're going to stand up and say this is wrong. A lot of people may listen to my podcast because sometimes we do talk about politics and they may not agree with my brand of politics, but I can speak from my point of view. And you'll be surprised how many people actually think like I do. Even though, like you said, they're ashamed or they're afraid or they have something to lose or whatever the case may be to actually say that when I meet them. It's like there's some posts I do on social media and it may not get a like or a comment or whatever. And then I'll meet them in person and they're like that post you did and this that. Quiet, you know, but if they start liking some of the shit I say, they'll have a backlash. So I completely get it, but that doesn't stop me from saying what I need to say. You know, at some point, you know, I believe that things can reverse, but you have to put it out there for people to understand. You know, that's why I don't see. I don't see colors the way people or race the way people say, Oh, black, white, I don't see it that way. You know, I allow people to have their own beliefs, but I don't see it that way. I don't see first of all, I'm not African-American. I haven't been to African first. And, you know, so but I don't see a separation between so-called African-Americans and Africans. I see us as one people. So, you know, we have to get to the point where we get past all of these fucking boundaries that people put in our way and reach out to someone who may speak differently from us, who may look different from us. And you'll find out that sometimes they will have the same type of attitude or thought process or will or desire to do certain things. You might find out that you have more in common with that person than most people would think. And if you never try, I think you're missing out big time. Very true. Like you said, even if you don't get a reaction or a like or want to post, you know, people are reading and people are reacting to it personally. Maybe they don't have to. They don't react because of their own reasons. So I think what we are doing is the good thing. Someone who is helping a lot of people, even if they don't say it out. Yeah, sometimes you just got to say what you got to say. But right now we need to let the sponsors say what they have to say. And we'll be back with more from Hazel, from the Hazel Speaks podcast right after this. How are relationships down there then? Romantic relationships or? Yeah, romantic relationships. Good, good, good, good, good. Though we have few passion killings, my relationships are good. Over here, this is actually like throughout the country, we have a divorce rate that is probably around 50%. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And most, and a lot of our kids are born out of wedlock. Relationships now are probably at a tragic stage. And I think there's a very big disconnect between men and women in this country. And I believe it's also because women are taught to be by themselves more than taught to be with a man. You've heard the songs Independent Woman and all that shit. People have taken this shit to heart and they've set themselves up so that they can be successful without a man financially, which is, I don't have a problem with that. But now you don't know how to integrate into a relationship with a man. And I think that that's a societal and almost, dare I say, a cultural thing. And yeah, we're literally, and this is regardless of color. We're literally at around 50% divorce rate in this country. And much more people who aren't getting married or into their late 30s, 40s, 50s, and they haven't been married. You know that if the divorce rate is a bad percentage, it's a chain. The children who are now born out of wedlock, the children who are experiencing that pain of their parents divorcing, they'll never believe in love. It's a chain like they'll know marriage is not the way. They're gonna try to survive by themselves, be independent. Like I think it's a chain. Share and copy what we do. Yeah. So there, like what's the divorce rate there, if you know, or just a rough estimate, you know, how many people get married there? How young do they get married? You know, that type of sort of thing. You find around 19 getting married, 19 years, they get married, but we don't have a high divorce rate actually. So find some time, so for like in court, she cheated, he cheated. Like people will be fined. Like if I am married and then I tend to cheat my husband and then he realized that I'm cheating or he helped the evidence, all the evidence that I'm cheating, the person that I'm cheating with has to pay my husband the damages. So mostly maybe that's the reason why people are even afraid of doing all these things that can lead to divorce and all stuff. So let me get this straight. You're saying so over there. If you are caught cheating, the man in which you're cheating with would have to pay money to your husband for cheating with you. Yeah. Is it a lot of money? It depends. Like mostly people charge around $60,000. Yeah. To us, it's a lot of money. It's a lot of money because it's very rare to get that amount of money. Some can even charge up to $100,000. $100,000 is around $10,000. $10,000. $100,000 is $10,000. Yeah. Shit. So you said $60,000. That's like six grand. Yeah. Wow. Up to $30,000. Wow. Yeah. That's some expensive sex. I'll tell you that. Yeah. It's very inexpensive. So that is law down there. Yeah. That's very interesting. I think if we had something like that over here, there would be a lot less people cheating. Yeah. People would cheat less. And the divorce rates would be low. Yeah. Yeah. It's cheaper to keep her. It's definitely cheaper to keep her. Yeah. Because hit me is very expensive this side. When people get divorced over there, does the man have to pay or whoever's making the most money, do they have to pay like an alimony or to the wife? Actually, when people get divorced, it will depend on what was the agreement before getting married. Like do they share everything or what? So when people get divorced, they tend to like maybe divide things in half, whatever that they acquired when they were married. So you find that maybe a man is waking, right? He's a provider and he will be acquired a lot of clothes, lots of houses, cars and all stuff. And if he decide that he wants to divorce it, means he has to give the lady half of everything that he acquired. Yeah. That sounds pretty much. That's pretty much how it is over here. Yeah. Actually, technically, it's whoever's making more, whoever's making more actually over here, whether it be male or female, at times depending on the divorce settlement, they might have to continue to pay the other person after the divorce, even if they split things. Yeah. So that's a little different. But they have us doing alimony over here. Well, I've never been married, so not me. But they have people who get married and divorce. Some of them end up having to pay pretty substantially per month if they have a, it's called keeping them accustomed to the lifestyle. So if you made a lot of money, you could be spending, you know, two, three, four, five, six, 10, 20 grand a month to your divorcee. That doesn't even have anything to do with the child support you'll have to pay. So. Even if I'm the one who's being paid there, I might even not have to find a job. No. No. No, they don't. A lot of them don't. And so a lot of these so-called celebrity, celebrity cases you'll find, either they get a huge settlement at divorce of millions of dollars maybe or they're paying after, after the divorce. And I don't know. That's insane. And with all of that, we still have a 50% divorce rate. So that goes to show you, you know, how crazy it is being in a relationship over here. So yeah, that's interesting to me. What would you like to say to, to people over here? We need their support. We want to try to make something out of our lives as well. It's not like this side, everything is in black and white like it seems. So we just, we are just people here in Africa who love or let me say admire your lifestyles, that side. And you just want to know how, how that can be achieved to this side. We want to be independent. So I think just you guys reaching us out to us is a good thing. Don't stop, continue doing that because you are making a lot of change to us. Trust me. Like this thing that we're doing right now, this talk that we're having right now, I'm so excited, I was so excited about it because you reaching out clearly shows that at least someone is recognizing me. So you guys don't have to stop. No, we won't. We won't. So everybody listen, I want you to go and check out Hazel Speaks wherever you get your podcast. Make sure you reach out, connect with her and listen, she's got a lot of good things to say. Alright Hazel, I appreciate you coming on my show. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. You're welcome. And listen, you guys also check out Hazel Speaks because I am going to be a guest on her show. Make sure that you actually go on there and subscribe to Hazel Speaks. It's time to talk some shit. With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. The international connection can be good sometimes. Sometimes you just gotta learn to open yourself up to new things, new ideas, new places, new experiences, new people. It is not always good to just listen to what everyone else has to say without going to the source. I want to talk to different types of people. I want to know things from them. I'm sure some of them will want to know things from me. It's called an exchange. And no, not the normal doodling exchange. Although that can be helpful as well. Sometimes we gotta get away from where we've been to learn something new. Sometimes we gotta get out and see the world. And see the world from another perspective. Many times we'll find out that the things we were so apprehensive about. Ladies and gentlemen, I am King of this.