or that is the question, or today's Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B's right here and you know what this is. This is, we've got a guest today. He's a very funny individual. And I mean that in the nicest way possible. You may have known him as Brian the Wildcat Smith. Who is actually starring in our movie, King B's Hate Love, which is currently streaming on Tubi right now for free. You can go ahead and check it out to search King B's and ROOST and Hate Love comes up. This guy is in both movies actually. He was in ROOST for about a few seconds, although there's an extended version available on my YouTube where you can see the whole scene. It's like the outtakes from it. And in Hate Love, he's pretty much one of the main characters aside from of course my character. He's a very hilarious individual. But more than that, he's a very good guy. I have known him for years, way over a decade. And I've never seen anything but a quality individual. And he's one of the few people, even though it took him eight years to come on my podcast, that I consider in this business a real friend, not just an acquaintance, but a friend. He goes by it well, that's funny. We're gonna talk about that. He used to go by the name of Brian the Wildcat Smith when we're gonna talk about the transition. What's up brother, how you feeling man? Hey, hey, what's going on? Brother King B's, it feels good to still be able to feel. Talk to me. I'm good man, it's all good man. It's all good. Listen, you are, again, when did you start? Man, I started doing comedy probably 2000, and maybe year 2000. Might have been closer to 99. Since probably coming up on about 23 years, man. I was doing it a little longer than that. I started in high school on the speech team, doing events called original comedy, humorous duet acting, acting in stage plays and whatnot. So it's just a class clown term professional. That's funny because your character, I say he is kind of like a class clown, but he'll just assume, kill you as laughing joke with you. Yes. So that's funny, and we hadn't even talked about that. About 22, 23 years. That's right around the time that I really started to do TV. So yeah, around 2000, I was getting into it 2000. So when I was starting to direct television, you were starting your comedy. And somewhere along in there, we ended up meeting and becoming real cool. The funny part about it is, and I've been saving this shit for a very long time. Uh-oh. I haven't told you this privately because I've been saving it for this shit right here. Well, come on with that Oprah shit then. Come on. When, the first time I remember noticing him was not when we met through the channels. You guys were, we can talk about that as well. You guys had a last laugh troupe and I ended up having damn fool and ROOST and I'm pretty sure I don't remember somehow because all four of you guys were in the troupe. I just ended up meeting all you guys. But before that, see if you remember this shit. I remembered seeing you on the Judge Mathis show. Wow. Yep, yep. The Judge Mathis show. And actually, Judge Mathis, we interviewed Judge Mathis for my show while fusion. See how this shit comes full circle. But the craziest shit about it was, they were talking about, this is the best actor in Chicago. And I said, get the fuck out of here. This motherfucker ain't the best. I'm the best, God damn it. So, this is the funniest shit ever. So then we ended up meeting. I'm like, this is the motherfucker is on the Judge Mathis show. Okay, well, let's see this. Let's see if he can act. Here's what I will say. I'm still the best actor in Chicago. However. Hey, you gotta remember I left the city, sir. I agree. Oh, nice one. I left the door open for that one. I knew you would, I knew you would see it. But what I will say is that for all these years we've been working, you were one of the best actors in Chicago. You are now in a different place. I don't know if you want to tell everybody where you are, but you're in a different city now. But I will say this. It was funny because you were suing some goddamn body. I'm like, this motherfucker's suing people and shit. But you know what I'm saying? I don't even know if I want to work with him and suing him. But no, I will say this. We've worked several times on many different projects and you are one of the few actors that I know that I'll just have pretty much one conversation with. And sometimes not even that. But you like to have a conversation for clarification. And then that's it. And I could put you in just about any role and you'll come with a very good performance. So I will say that you are extremely great actor. And that's why we're gonna leave that because, you know, I mean, you're good, but you're no King B, but you know, this progression is low as shit. No, no, I appreciate that. And I think that a good actor has to have a great sense of direction without being a director. A lot of actors, when we get the scripts, we have it locked in our minds of the way we want to do it. And it may or may not be the right way. So I just try to approach it from a natural standpoint, not necessarily as an actor. But if I was this dude, then how would I do it? The hardest thing in my opinion is to get somebody to be themselves. So I was just like, if Wildcat was this thug dude that would laugh and kill you at the same time, if I was the character, then how would I portray it? Not necessarily who is this imaginary dude? You know what I'm saying? That's an interesting perspective. That's really the way I approach a character as well is to put myself in the character instead of putting the character into me. What I mean by that is there are certain actors that you expect to see a certain way. And there's a certain way. It's like, it's a difference between like a character actor and what they call a movie star. You have like a Denzel. Denzel is Denzel in every goddamn movie you see. And there's a reason for that. When he did that Roman J. Israel, Esquire, whatever the hell that was, great performance. But because he did not look like Denzel, because he stepped out a little bit of the Denzel persona, if you will, people didn't go see it. I went to see it. I paid to see it. I went to the show to see it, to support the fact that he was getting outside of that Denzel thing. And it's proven people didn't go see that film. And it's one of his best performances actually. He could have gotten an Oscar for that, the role, the way he allowed himself to allow the character to change him. But a lot of people just wanna see Denzel, right? And Denzel in different situations. So these people who can do this type of thing get trapped in that kind of setting, right? They get trapped in having to be the same person over and over again in different situations. As a financial motivation behind that, when they can be more of a character actor, which kind of means changing yourself to fit the character instead of changing the character to fit you? Quite frankly, as an actor, I prefer fitting myself into the character as opposed to putting the character into a King B persona. Yeah, that's no fun. You know what I'm saying? But right now, we're gonna have some fun with these here messages. Coming right up, right here is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion. What is it that made you want to, or was that always the plan? To go from being a stage, a stand-up comedian to the big screen. Was that always part of the plan or did it just happen? Actually, the only reason that I started to do comedy was to get into acting. That is my passion. Comedy is great, I love it. I'll always be a comedian. But I would like to say that I was an actor first. I started acting in high school. Comedy came as a vehicle for me to act. And for those who have seen me early in my career, a lot of my jokes were act-outs. They were characters, they were different voices. I was an actor actually playing the role of a comedian. So that was it, that was the passion. I knew it would open up the doors for acting. That was it. You know, I think that if I took that approach, I'd actually be funny. I think I might. We had Tiny Thickums on the show. And I was telling her that at some point, it is my intention to do one show, stand up, one. That's it, just one. And with, somewhere where none of you motherfuckers did I know, it'd actually do comedy. We'll ever know anything about it, and we'll be around nowhere near this type of shit. Because I don't need you guys bullshit. Well, you know, you, no, no, I don't want to hear that shit, I don't want to hear shit. But just to do it, I really feel like at some point, I want to do an open mic. If I do well, I'm leaving it there. If I do horribly, I'm definitely leaving it there. But just one thing to scratch off the list, you know what I'm saying? Because I realize that it takes a lot, it takes a lot of, not only passion, but study. There's a lot of work that goes into it. And I really respect people that are comedians, because the thing about it is, is that you only have one thing. You know, as an actor, we could be dramatic, we can make you laugh, we can make you cry, we can make you mad, there's several different things that we have. When you limit it to just one thing, you better be funny. Yeah. That's tough. Well, I think it takes a sense of humility. It takes a sense to be, and in the next realm, this may sound like an oxymoron, but you have to be humble and arrogant at the same time. You have to have a sense of narcissism in you to think that you can pull this off. You know, that's the main thing that comes with entertainers and that level of cockiness, because what we do, the average person can't do. So if you're not humble and grounded, then it will start to go to your head, because you're in, imagine you're on stage, and it's 1,500 people in that room. Out of those 500 people, there might be 100 people that actually think they could do what you do. Out of that 100 people, it might be 10 people that's got the courage to actually get on stage. Out of that 10, it might be a half of a motherfucker that could actually have a good set just walking on stage with the jokes they got without any coaching or real practice. So it takes a true sense of knowledge of self, but you get lost in that because you don't know how it's gonna go each time. Until you get to a certain level, you're flipping the coin each time. And I always say this, is that the average entertainer you see is on some type of drug. And I say that, I say that directly because when we think of drugs, we often think of substances. No, the average entertainer is addicted to some sort of something. It doesn't have to be weed, it don't have to be cocaine, it don't have to be heroin, even though those are the top three for entertainers, okay? Why? Because that pressure, you need a button to relieve that pressure of being funny, of remembering your songs or whatever it is. It could be sex, it could be your addiction, you could become addicted to the way the crowd makes you feel when you hear that raw. You could become addicted to the praise that you get. So I ask most entertainers that are doing this, like, what drug are you on? And they often look at me like, what man, I don't do, we don't smoke, we don't do cocaine. Okay, but are you a whoremonger? Do you get, do you, you know what I'm saying? I mean, and people don't understand that. That's why I'm being more candid and speaking openly about it. In order to do this, you got to have something that you can push. That way, regardless of what's happening in your life, you got to go on stage and be funny and it don't matter what you're going through, you know, your grandma just died, I'm so sorry, but I bet she was old, okay? Now I need you to get your ass on that stage and do it. So I think it takes a special type of person and without that foundation, without counseling, without some sense of grounding yourself. Man, it's a cocktail, just waiting on somebody with a lighter. That is amazing insight. Let's say because of this, I've always, every time I do a premiere, I want to fuck something afterwards. It's incredible. Doesn't ever happen, but that's really what I want to do. I want to fuck something happen afterwards. The reason why it doesn't happen is because I have so many responsibilities that even after the show and everything, that it doesn't really get to that point because I'm so busy with other things, but that is immediately what I want to do when I do a premiere. It's just, I got too many other responsibilities that I have to take care of to just be able to say, oh, it's done. So one of these days, when I actually get a real staff that can handle all those things for me, that'll be what's happening. I'll put the limo, pull up, and whoever you see in the picture, they get took down that night. I'll hurt the fucking. So it is that, you know what I mean? I think that is or has been my drug of choice, but yeah, it's something, man. It's something. Leon Rogers was on the show as well, who is also in Hate Love, in which you can see right now, we're free on 2B. And it's amazing that people who do this for a living, a lot of them have very tragic lives. And I've said this several times. And they have an ability to turn something that's tragic into something that's funny. You can go back to Richard Pryor when he said his own ass on fire. And he turned that into a whole set. Is that the reality that you see as well? It's a reality. I would say it's a toxic trait because the average comedian uses, has the ability to turn a tragedy into something funny, but it becomes their coping mechanism. And what it does is that it puts a bandaid on something that needs some staples and real surgery. And unless you're looking at this from a different set of eyes, all you'll see is this dude is funny, but me, you and other people can hear the cry out from the comics or cracking jokes about all the women that they sleep with and how they just do them in and all these different things. It's a cry out. It's saying, hey, I got some shit that I don't deal with really good. And this stage gives me a pass. This stage justifies my sins. This stage is the only therapy I'm getting, but there's no rebuttal. There's no, okay, the therapist doesn't come back and say what you need to work on. The therapist is you. The therapist is the audience. You know what I'm saying? It's what we do, but it is so toxic because you become that comedian and you never spend the time working on yourselves. You come up with new jokes which are actually situations, issues, or problems in your life that you should be talking to a fucking therapist about, you know, things that happen to you in your childhood, your parents and the shit they did, you know, baby mama, baby daddy issues. A lot of the women that talk about sex all the time are whores and they're okay with being a whore, but you see what I'm saying? And that's what I feel like. A person's joke, nine times out of 10, if they're being true to themselves is a storyline of their life. That's what they're about for the most part. I'm not saying who I am on stage is who I am offstage, but you kind of know me. And it's pretty much the same dude. It might, Wildcat might be more energetic and loud and he might say something you might not be expecting him to say, but Brian Smith or Barnabas is that same dude. So if you look at my set, you can tell that I have issues with overweight people. I have issues with my father. You know, I used to be a whore monger. You know, I got kids. You know my perspective in life. And that's become my ability to turn my tragedy into something funny. But when the world shut down, it was like I was forced to deal with myself. That's why I'd be paying attention to a lot of things that's happening with entertainers right now, Will Smith and all these other people as motherfuckers are starting to crack because the world shut down and it didn't matter how much money you had, that just meant how comfortable you was being shut down. And the entertainers in the comics that don't have that bread, that tragedy, they haven't had the ability to turn it into humor. That's when everybody started doing podcasts. Everybody started doing sketches because they had to sit down and deal with themselves. So I think it's a great quality to have that ability. But if you're not grounded in it, then it'll take you away. And the reality of it is one of the things that makes you great could kill you or make you a terrible person. Richard Pryor, one of his famous quotes that stuck to me in my research is that he said that it wasn't a problem that he was smoking freebase. The problem was is that he was rich and could afford to smoke freebase. See what I'm saying? So we as entertainers, nobody's telling us to do shit per se. Nobody's sitting us down saying you have an issue and you need counseling or you need help or you need to stop doing that. You're on a drug that's doing so much to you because you're making money from it. You don't see the cause. You don't see the cause and effect until years later. So I love the fact that comedians can turn that frown upside down when you get off the stage and go back home. Those jokes become your reality and you end up doing some type of drug. Which is interesting and makes you think about the things that we end up laughing about. But that's some hell of a psychology for your ass to know that we're getting enjoyment out of someone else's pain. And the flip side of it is if we don't get that enjoyment from their pain, then to them it's just pain. So it's such a crazy dynamic in which they're able to eat because of their pain and what shouldn't be funny is funny and we're laughing at their pain and yet still it's just crazy dynamic if you think about it. And we'll talk about it in the next segment but the importance of coming from a basis of reality. Many of the characters and many of the films that I've done has a basis in my reality even if the character is far from me. There's still parts of me in the whole thing cause I write the script. So there's always a basis of some sort of reality even if the character is way different from me. We're gonna get into all that kind of stuff right after the break but we gotta pay some bills. So we're gonna be back more with Brian the Wildcat Smith after this. It's Raw Fusion. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need but help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. Fusion. We're back. It's Raw Fusion. Got buying the Wildcat Smith right here. We're gonna talk about this transition in a minute but in the last segment we were talking about what it's like to take real life and turn it into entertainment for the public and I find that I do that as well. I've never been a mob hit man but the reality of gangster life growing up in Chicago you know that's part of it, right? That's rooted in the realities of what I know. Intimate friends, certainly that was sparked from a conversation I had with a friend. The penis dialogue certainly has a bunch of different stuff in there. That's from my own life and then hate love is loosely based on my life. So most of the stuff that I do and I write stems from my reality and then we extend it into the fantasy of film or television or whatever it is. When you are constructing your jokes, what is it that you look for that you know, oh yeah, that's funny, this'll work. Especially for your type of comedy. It changes and regardless of what I come up with, I've learned that this is just an idea and I think that's important to look at your jokes just as ideas and in that it may take you some more to get that joke to where you want it to be. Cause I'll come up with something and if it makes me laugh, then it's in my roster. Now I have rosters, I have jokes that I do for people. I got jokes I do for my daughter. I got jokes I do in regular interaction and then I have my set. See the jokes I crack in my life helped me determine the jokes that work on my set because I want it to be so relatable that even if you don't know what I'm talking about, my approach brings you into that world. So when I come up with something, I know it's just like an idea. It's just like when you come up with that idea, it's only a rough draft of that script and that joke I may polish for years, for months until I get it where I want it to be. And then I've noticed I've taped jokes on TV and then years later the jokes develop. So it's almost like a song that once people start singing it, you change the lyrics, you change it up a little bit. So I come up with jokes just in, it could be in conversation, it could be just something that happens, but they do come to me. I will say that it is a thought. It's usually late at night. So it's a matter of finding out what works best for you and there's not gonna be a schedule. Some people link up with other comics and write jokes. That's cool. That worked when I was new. Now, if I set a time to write jokes, it may or may not be that. You see what I'm saying? That's why comedians are so funny because they write down, they're just really writing down and exaggerating life. But as the life happens, why we get paid is because we stop our lives and look at that situation. We analyze that situation. We take notes. We write jokes on paper bags, napkins and all of that. It's stopping your life in that moment to say, wow, this happened, who has it happened to before? And then I'll have a list of jokes that I wanna do. This is just me and I know I'm a nerd. I'm that nerd that approaches everything like an assignment. That way I just do it. So I'll have the jokes that I know I wanna do. And if I'm not hosting, I have to go to the show and watch it so that from the jokes I know I wanna do, I can even pick the jokes that's gonna tag on what the people are talking about, or I could pick jokes on the total opposite of the realm. You understand? So if everybody's talking about COVID, I gotta mention COVID, but I'm gonna go into something else. I'm gonna start talking about measles. I'm gonna start talking about polio, you know what I'm saying? And the average comic doesn't pay attention to that. We come up with our show ideas and our jokes and it's ironclad, but the good comics walk in it automatically if they only have five seconds, they're gonna read the room. They're gonna look at the demographics, they're gonna see is it blacks, is it whites? What level is it mid-level, are these people high-end? I sit in the audience and I listen to the conversations. I listen to what they complain about. I listen to what they drink, the orders that they drink, I go in the bathroom and I'll just sit in the stall for a few minutes. Sometimes it starts out as me just getting myself together, but in that, somebody will come in and say, man, you see old girl in the red dress with that big ass, boom. Now I may take a joke and say, even though I ain't seen this girl, you ever hear a comedian say, man, there's somebody in here with blah, blah, blah, blah. That's a joke that they already had, but they saw somebody in here that they can apply that joke to. That's when the comedian's roasting people. A lot of those jokes are off the top, but a lot of that other stuff is jokes that we roast people. And based on what you said and what you do, we'll change that to fit you and roast you. So my approach to coming up with jokes, it's a natural, organic approach. And I miss a good amount of jokes just because I don't wake up, I don't stop, I don't pull over or whatever it is. It's a process that the average entertainer, I don't think that you would really ask that question and get the same answer from if two people, more than two people. You know, what's funny is I as a writer, I get so many ideas a day. My process is I don't write shit. I don't write shit until at least two to three weeks have passed. If that shit still bothers me, then it wants to be written. Otherwise, I'd have 16, I'd start 16 scripts a day. You know what I mean? Just sitting there talking to people, you can get an idea for a movie. It has to bother me and say, hey, you're gonna write this, you know what I mean? And it has to be weeks passing. And then I said, okay, I'm still thinking about this thing. So it's probably something I should start writing and writing down. I get it, you're kind of moody with it. I think I'm funny in spurts, right? That's why I've never really done a comedy. That would have to be written by a professional. But I can, and you've seen my scripts, I can put you in a realm of funny and then let you go. And then you'll make it funny, funny. You know what I mean? There's opportunity, I know how to make an opportunity for a comedian to come and make something funny, even though it's in a very serious setting, because I haven't done a comedy yet. But I think that people who don't do comedy write some of the best comedic shit because it's all like you could write something and we could sit down and make it funny through that conversation. You know what I'm saying? I think that when people step out, you're such an artist that you're so focused that if you did decide to focus on that and just do it the best you can. You're not a comedian per se, but I think that people that have a level of passion in certain areas, once they step outside of that comfort zone, it's such a refreshing appeal to that person that you actually open up a whole another realm in your mind because you're saying things that's gonna tap into your artistic soul. And I think true artists, we have an artistic soul and you were talking, I wrote down, does it bother your artistic soul? Like these concepts are bothering your artistic soul. So if you were like, damn it, man, I could do something like that and I'm not gonna put pressure on myself to write a comedic script. I'm gonna write for my passions and like you said, leave those spaces. Now I'm a comedian who'll find humor in places where you might not see it. And that's what we do to turn something from being dramatic into something that's funny without it being just, okay, this is that dude, I don't know what he gonna do. But to give it that appeal, because that would be my vision for something that you would write in that style. I do get your point. Here's the thing. You are one of those people that I referred to before, except for you're actually funny. Do you find that a lot of people when you talk to a regular conversation that are comedians, do you find that they're always testing shit out on you? Because I know that you're testing shit out on me. See how my reaction is gonna be, except you're actually funny. A lot of comedians do that shit all the fucking time and you feel obligated to laugh just so they feel better. And you can't have a normal conversation with them. Now we've had normal conversations but then I know when you're testing shit out as well. So do you find that when you have conversations with other comics? Yes, it's kind of weird because you have those comics that are always on. And I personally hate those motherfuckers. I swear, I hate those motherfuckers. Like you're not a real person or you didn't really like yourself until you started doing comedy and that gives you the confidence to be whoever the fuck you are. People testing jokes on people. It's weird because a lot of times people will accuse me of testing new material. When it's some shit I just came up with and I just said naturally and you laughed and now it becomes a joke. You see what I'm saying? The best jokes write themselves. The second best jokes are exaggerated facts and then it straight up lies. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I just clarified that and I don't have the time to write that down. Write themselves. Good thing I'm taping. But with that said, with that said in the conversation it depends on who you're talking to. If it's a joke that I wrote then it's something that you're gonna spark that it make me think that this is a good time to write that joke. It's a good time to try that joke. Secondly, if I'm other than that I may just be like, okay, I'm in a mood but in a natural conversation a lot of times things just come up. I get that all the time. And I think it's 10 times worse from people that are not comedians because they always, it's word usage that people don't understand. The average comedian especially if they have a sense of intelligence and you can see that it's not just curse words and everybody fucking curses but people who curse all the time and that's all you hear they just don't have enough words. And that's all it is. So you'll be able to tell that when you're listening to it and breaking it down you'll hear it like, okay, this person is really just is he really just, is he trying it? Is he trying too hard? The people that don't do comedy are always like, hey, you could use this. That's what I hate the most. But in that I get some useful information. You use it motherfucker. The thing that I'm noticing. You use it motherfucker. Get your ass those days to use. I won't use your shit. Do you feel like saying that to them? No, no, I wanna say I appreciate it. I hear this and oftentimes I do. A lot of the shit I've wanted to say over the years I'm now saying I appreciate it. I appreciate that. But if a person could take the time to figure out what they want to say to people and I think the world would be a better place because if somebody walks up to say, hey man, I got this joke, man, you can put it in your little sketch. Automatically, I don't give a fuck what you tell me because of the words you're using. I'm not really paying attention. Because it ain't no little sketch. It ain't no little set. You know what I'm saying? That's like, man, I got a scene you could put in your little movie. What the fuck are you talking to, blue? You know what I'm saying? If you say, hey, man, I got this joke I've been thinking about, man, maybe you could use it, maybe not. I love that. I love when you give me the option because I really probably don't even wanna hear the shit. But I love your approach. Hey, man, I came up with something. I've been thinking about it, something you could use, man. If not, then cool. Other than that, all right. Because when people come to you with shit that they so excited about, people don't understand that delivering a joke to an individual is not gonna tell you if it's gonna work on stage. You see what I'm saying? Because that individual probably knows you. So maybe they'll laugh, maybe they're being nice, but in a conglomerate, in a room full of people, strangers mixed in, that's the difference. I get people doing that shit to me all the motherfucking time. And over the years, I've learned to accept it because as being a comedian and an entertainer, you kinda give yourself to the public, especially after shows. But 99.9% of the shit people walk up and try to tell me is trash. 90% of the jokes comics walk up and tell me is trash because of the pressure that they feel is associated with telling another comedian a joke. Now you may tell a comedian a joke and we might not laugh, but we'll give you some confirmation to say, oh man, that was funny. And you might be thinking, why the fuck you ain't laughing? That's because we're comedians and this is what we do. If I was a record exec, I could hear you singing in within the first five seconds. I know if you got a fucking voice. We have that ear, we all have that ear. You have that ear naturally. You hear a song after about 30 seconds, 20 seconds. You know if you wanna keep listening to it or not. You know what I'm saying? So getting people walking up to you with advice and trying shit on you, it depends on their approach. It depends on who they are. And more importantly, what mood you're going into. Most people walk up and feel like because you're a comedian, you're always supposed to be in the joking mood. But people that have respect to say, hey man, you busy? Okay, I wanna run something by you. And here's what I love. Is now a good child. The world slows down when people say that because they're being considerate of what the fuck you going through, not your job. You know what I'm saying? Like you could be shooting somebody, but if the police is already en route to a crime, they can't stop. Yeah, that's their fucking job. But find out what the fuck is going on before you try to tell somebody something. You try to crack a joke. So it's a lot of different things that I've learned over the years that'll make somebody even listen to you. I've learned how to listen to people without listening to them. I don't even know what the fuck that means. You know what it means? Someone's talking and what they're saying is not even important to them because it's probably something that they could fix on their own. Some people just wanna be heard, but you're kinda looking in their face. They're saying certain things. Something they say turns your ears off just for a few minutes, a few seconds. So for a few seconds, you're not really listening. And then you tune back in, you know what I'm saying? It's not that you just ain't listening at all. It's just you're listening to hear when you can stop listening. I think that's what it is. Okay, we'll roll with that one. But here's the thing. He likes for you to do that. Me, I don't, don't give me a fucking ideas. And that's not to say you don't have a good idea. What people don't realize is when it comes to doing film, that is a year at least of my life. I gotta write the script, which could take months. I think the shortest time I've ever written a script because I was under pressure was two weeks. Came out pretty good. Typically it takes two to three months. It can take longer. I got some scripts that I've started, brilliant scripts, and it's been years since. And it's still not finished. And I got stuff that's finished that I haven't even shot yet. So there's that. Then there's the financing to it. Then there's the actual production, which can take months. Then there's the post-production that can take months. And I'm still tweaking shit years after. Even when we're releasing these new films, there's re-edits, re-cuts, re-recordings, there's all this shit and work that I had to. Don't tell me about your goddamn ideas. It may be brilliant. Then what I will say is, learn how to write, learn how to direct, learn how to edit, or whatever you're gonna do, learn how to produce. Learn how to do something and get that shit out. And I will buy a ticket. But I don't wanna hear your fucking ideas because I got scripts I haven't done yet and things that I wanna do in the future. And it just takes too much of my goddamn time to put this shit together. It's not easy. It's not simple. It's not quick. So if you got an idea, send it to Wildcat. Don't send it to me. I don't wanna hear it. Don't send it to me. I feel you, bro. I get it. I truly get it. And then unless you say it, all people think is that they're trying to help. And other people don't have the discipline to take that idea to fruition. So they know you've done a movie. So let me tell you to do the work that I should probably be. Because it's my ideas, my concept. I have the passion for it, not you, right? And even if I am passionate about it, even if it is a good idea, my ideas are pretty good too. So it's just like, you know, I mean, there's seven people that I'll work with. You're one of them. Even though we haven't finished that script yet, I just got so many other fucking things going on. We're gonna get it done. But there's a few people that I wanna work with on that level. But even with them, it's limited because it just takes so much fucking time and energy to put it in there. And I am not about the business to put my name on anything just to put some shit out. I gotta, even if it's someone else's idea, I have to put in just as much effort and energy into it as I would if it was my original idea. And it's just, it's a lot. And then like I said, to bring it to fruition, when we get the millions of dollars and I can just sit back and throw money at it and get other writers and other directors and other producers to go on board, then I could have 10, 15 projects going at the same time. Sure, bring me your ideas then. Right now, when I gotta do all the work, I wanna hear shit. So, you know, it just works like that. Listen, we're gonna come back after these messages. And I feel like I'm going the afternoon special. This is King B's World Fusion right here. Let's get it. Heart pumps not once, but twice within the same beat. I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky club to get on some funky dance floor. To dance with some funky man. I never used to think of love. I'm getting one good reason I'm gonna enjoy it. Going on fresh shit. I'm thinking so, it doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That has everything to do with it. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end, should I not get intimate with my girlfriend? I'm gonna shave you. I already have a shave. Now where am I gonna shave? Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the US, then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on Plex. Raw Fusion. It's Raw Fusion. We got Brian the Wildcat Smith, AKA Barnabas. Uh-huh, we definitely gotta talk about this shit. Now for 22 years, you've been going as the Wildcat. Right. You recently decided that you wanted to change your name to Barnabas. Talk about why you wanted to make that transition after branding the Wildcat for so many years. Like, I'm a big student of the arts. And I watched artists fight for their masters after reaching the pentacles in their careers. And in that, the industry often owns that name. Good example is Prince, turned his name into a symbol. But in that transition, what was it? He was the artist formerly known as Prince. That's basically saying that's still Prince. But I can't use Prince no more because I'm not on that no more because Prince was something that I did. And once I got older and realized what Prince had done, I felt the need to change my name and grow in a different direction. This is me speaking as Prince. So as far as Wildcat, Wildcat was this funny guy. He was a father. He was this dude, but he was suppressing the real person inside. He was using coping mechanisms, comedy, sex, alcohol, marijuana, whatever. I was using that person to mask what I was going through. Came out here to LA, went through a lot of shit and found the need for a change. Not start my own church, but clean up some of the shit that I had been doing. It just didn't make sense to my life, my career, my spirit. And in that, I started thinking that, okay, I need to change myself. And in that, I needed to change my name so that when I think of myself and this nickname, because Wildcat, when I think of Wildcat, I think of everything that came along with Wildcat. So just as me starting off this new page in my life spiritually, mentally, physically, emotionally, going through therapy, talking to this dude, like we damn near go on dates every week and just talk to each other. Like it's like I'm on the phone just figuring myself out. So in that, I feel like it would help me to start over by kind of rebranding myself. I'm not so dependent on comedy anymore. I'm finding other ways and other sources of income to where I can really start digging into it. And when Barnabas really drops Barnabas Israel, he's going to be Wildcat, he's going to be Brian Smith, he's going to be better. He's not going to use comedy as a coping mechanism. I'm going to use comedy as something that I enjoy to do. Why? Because now I don't have to do it for money. I don't have to do it to satisfy my sins. So it's just kind of like me coming out as this new person, regrouping, regrowing. And I picked Barnabas because he's a biblical story. Barnabas is a biblical guy that if his main things to make sure that people were straight, that people had the word, he would take his time and talk to you whether he was big or tall. He rode around with Paul helping out spread the ministry. And when I got to looking at it, like that's me, like I'll sit back and talk to comics, whether it's your first day or you've been doing it for years and really take the time and break it down to people who want to get into the acting world. For people to really have true questions, I've always felt like, damn it, man, I remember the time when I was trying to do this and do that. So instead of just answering a question and get them the fuck out of my face, I've always made it taking a personal approach to those people. And when times got hard for me, those were the people that literally saved my ass and booked me on shows and sent me money when I broke my leg and whatnot. So that's that whole transition is saying that I'm not gonna let the industry take me and fuck me because they constantly fucking artists. The only thing that's changing is the dicks are getting bigger. So fuck all of that. I'm not going. So the change from Wildcat to Barnabas is that same rebel that you knew that would pick a name like Wildcat. But now I'm trying to put the most high. I'm trying to put God with it. I'm trying to put some righteousness with it. I'm trying to put more logic to it and say that I'm still gonna satisfy, I'm still gonna achieve my dreams, but now I got God rad with me. I got more common sense, more logic. And instead of being a fucking Wildcat, I'm gonna be better than that. I guess that's the best way to put it, brother. I appreciate that, man. And I appreciate you being here at Raw Fusion to break that type of thing down. You know what I mean? We all have our different situations dealing with this business. And I've been quite clear in saying that I am jaded and this business has made me so or I've allowed it to make me so. And you know, even just finding the motivation to do, I envy who I used to be. The one that saw the bright lights and the glamour and the excitement of being in this business. And then the reality hits about this business and you realize how much of this shit is actually fugey. And you accept it. You not only accept it, but you become a part of it and promote it. And I still struggle with a lot of the things that I do. I love gangster movies. I love playing gangsters. I love playing mean and evil characters because it's not me. I like seeing it. I'm one of those that likes murder porn, which is not porn about murder. It's just, it's really those true crime stories. I watch that shit all day. And then I ask myself the question if I'm putting out this stuff, what is the residual effect from it? I love seeing women naked, half naked, whatever. But as a photographer, if I'm putting out this stuff, what's the residual effect? And do I have to go away from what I enjoy in order to serve the better good? Or am I dealing with people who understand what this really is, right? And so if I'm dealing with people who understand this is entertainment, this is not for you to pick up a gun and go shoot people or become a mob hitman or whatever it is, then great. I also look at the situation of me as a kid and the fact that the reason why I didn't wanna join gangs, the reason why I didn't wanna be in the streets like that was good fellas for one of the reasons. And I'm like, if you motherfuckers are doing this shit to each other, I want no parts of none of this shit here. You know what I'm saying? It's not even the eyes that you gotta worry about. It's the motherfuckers just shooting you in your own fucking crew. This is not the shit I wanna be a part of, right? So I look at that and say, yeah, if I showed the reality of it, intelligent people will say, nope, that's not really for me, but I watch it, right? But then we're not dealing with always intelligent people. And it's going out to the masses. So do I, once we put it on stream platforms, I don't know if a 12 year old is looking at this. I don't know if we're dealing with people who monitor their children. But at the same time, don't I have a right to do what I wanna do? It's something that I struggle with when I go back and forth. And it's crazy. So it's interesting to me, and I'm glad you wanted to talk about it, is that we are people and we're not just here, just here, singing, dancing in front of cameras and shit, but we have thoughts, we have struggles, we ponder intellectually, and sometimes we have to figure shit out. And so would I do a ROOST 3? Probably, I'm looking forward to it. But what else can I put in there? That's a safeguard, right? Am I gonna stop wanting to see half-naked women or naked women? But when I started doing that, everybody on my social media was a naked. Now, you can't find a chick that ain't naked. And to me, that's not really what I would marry. So it's like, where do we go with this? Am I contributing to the demise of my own shit? I don't know. That was heavy, brother, that was heavy. Those are philosophical questions that people who are in this entertainment business actually have to deal with. But man, bro, I appreciate you for being on the show. We could talk 16 hours. This is a fucking round of big drink champs. But it's not. So, man, I appreciate you, brother. Keep going strong. Brian the Wildcat Smith, not only a good brother but a friend of mine. And I've seen you as a person, be a very good person. And that's why I fuck with you and consider you one of my friends, my true friends in this industry. And man, I wanna big ups you for all the shit that you've done and the shit that you are gonna do more and even bigger. I just gotta get used to calling you Barnabas now. That's it. Hey, man, that's all right. You figure out, you call me Wildcat, you call me Barnabas, just call me. That's what's up. Nothing but love. Before I leave, everybody please check me out all social media, DA Wildcat. Barnabas, the cat may pop up, but it's still your boy, Brian the Wildcat Smith. DA Wildcat, all social media, IG, Facebook, Twitter. Do something for your soul, read something for your mind. Write on to the real and death to the fakers. For show for show, coming right up after the break. It's another one of the cast members from the hit movie. J. Marie is coming up through our fusion baby. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need, but help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others. From $1 to $1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at gofundme.com slash mental. And we're back. This is King B's Rock Fusion. You know how we get down right here? We had on the show a couple of weeks ago. This person is a friend of mine, very cool. You know, it's funny when you actually have to do this professionally with your friends. You know, you have to be professional, but you know, off camera, it's a whole other situation. But we had her in last show talking about her role in King B's Intimate Friends. Now we're talking about the other movie that she co-starred in, which is King B's Hate Love. We did ROOST, the two ROOSTs, and then when I came to doing my fifth movie, I gave her a call. It is a star-studded event if you haven't seen this movie. Yes, it is. And especially if you're from Chicago, it's just, you know, more than half the cast, you know from different things. But this is J. Marie right here on my Fusion. What's up, J? Woo-hoo. How you feeling? What's up, baby? What's going on? Hello, everybody. How are you? It's good. It's good. Now, this role a little bit different that you had in intimate friends. When reading the script, like the first one, you were basically taking over someone else's spot. But this one was yours from the beginning. What were you thinking when you first read the script for Hate Love? I was excited. I was actually ready to get back into it again. The first film was a little nerve-wracking for me because it was new. I was just doing, you know, the modeling thing and had did some commercials and that was my lane. But I did want to expand and do more and you gave me my first opportunity with intimate friends and I got a little bit more comfortable in that space. And so when you introduced Hate Love and I looked through it, I'm like, okay, yeah, let's do it because I wanted to challenge myself as well and see if I've grown and just prove something to myself that I could do it. And so I was very grateful for the opportunity. Yeah, me knowing, knowing you. Yeah, that's the funny thing about, again, working with your friends. And there's, if you look at my films, there's several people who you see in several different movies. It's kind of a staple that some people are just, they're gonna pop up at some point. Meaning I'm not lazy, but when it comes to casting, I probably could be labeled that simply because when I get ready to cast, I'm going through my phone. That's how I cast. I go through my phone and so most of the roles, the speaking roles anyway, are gone. That's why it's important to, if you're gonna get in, you gotta get in early because I only leave the stuff that the people that I know, either they've taken up other roles or they may not particularly be right for certain roles. And then that's when I start the other casting process, you know, the cattle calls and all that kind of stuff. So I know, I knew you could do it, whether you knew it or not. Well, you've always been, I don't wanna say cheerleader because you're a guy, but you have always had my back. You've always had my back. Yeah, yeah. If it was the other way around, that would be great too. Oh, shots fired, shots. I ask you to do professionally that you never, that you came, that you didn't come through for. So that's a very good, very good thing. So I can't, it's funny because I don't wanna kind of give away the movie, but the last scene and for people who have seen it, the last scene that you're in, kind of shocked the shit out of people. So without telling people why it's shocked the shit out of people, what were you thinking when doing that role? I think it's probably a departure from at least your on-screen persona to that point. However, me knowing you personally, I could totally see it. You're real funny. I could just say it. You know, I can clearly see it. Everybody's seen the film, you know what I'm talking about. But what were you thinking when having to do that scene? Well, okay, so let me be careful because I don't wanna give the movie away because it's awesome if you haven't checked it out already you have to check this film out. It's a dope film. But I definitely wanted to try to show a side of me that not everybody knew. And I think that's where the shock factor comes in because honestly, for those that do not know me on a personal, like a really close friendship level, like, yeah, you've seen several different sides of me, but we are close like that. So you've seen that and I don't let everyone in that bubble. And so I wanted to make sure that I tapped into another side of me that was different from what people assumed or thought of me. And to be honest, I think I did a pretty good job. Don't you say? Yeah, you okay. You know what? You don't give me my crap. No. No, actually, it was very believable. But then, you know, with me at the helm, nothing, you know, you could expect nothing less. The one thing, I mean, the one thing I do pride myself on is being able to give people their first opportunities or, you know, if you've done any acting, it's important. You know, I've talked to people who, you know, oh, I haven't done anything. I just did something in a play in school. That is actual training, it's school. It's some sort of training. But then when you get the camera in your face, it's a little different. You know what I mean? And you got to make it a comfortable situation. And one thing I do try to pride myself on is not only getting good people and casting good people, but trying to make the environment fun. And we typically have a lot of fun. And then at the end of the day, we shot a movie. And that, it makes it feel like it's not so much work. I mean, it is, especially the learning of the lines and all that kind of stuff, you know, and then the natural repetition of it. But it's also, it could be fun. It's supposed to be fun. It is. If it's not fun. Then I think it, yeah, I think it translates on film if people are enjoying what they're doing, right? I wholeheartedly agree. What do you think is the most satisfying about acting for you? Seeing the ending result. When you can sit down and be an audience, be in the audience and watch yourself on film. And like sometimes, a lot of times I take, even when I was just modeling, I always said I could completely understand what Beyonce meant when she would say she has Sasha fears. You know, you have these split personalities per se. When you're in front of the camera and when you're off. Typically, if I'm not in front of the camera, I can be very, you know, out on the sideline, you know, I'm away from all of the glitz glam stuff. I like to just chill. And so sometimes when I'm either taking pictures or I'm shooting commercials or film, it's like as soon as you step on and that camera is in your face, you become a whole nother person. And so when I'm sitting back and able to see that with my own two eyes is a really satisfying feeling. So I think that's the best part of it, just seeing the ending result and be, you know, be in mind blown like, wow, that's me. I did that, you know. So that's the best part for me. All right, that's interesting that you say that because you're full of shit. Ooh, that looks math. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, you're not gonna cover my show bullshit. Here's the thing. That's the best part. You don't agree? I'm not saying that that's not, I'm not saying that that's not, that's not, that's not where you're bullshit. But we've kicked it. Like you gotta understand that like the dynamic of our friendship. I am laid back. We were the type, we were the type that would go out to dinner and all that kind of stuff. Like regular basis, well, regular for her anyway. But, you know, on a more consistent, chill level, she is not laid back. She's not any of that shit. Oh my goodness, you put me in a world. But that's because I was with you. See, go back, you gotta think back to your archives. Think back in the archives. But when I'm with someone that I am comfortable with and that I know and I'm familiar with, you get to see another side of me. But if you typically, if you put me out into an environment or a room full of people that I do not know, you will find me somewhere off in the corner and just chilling to myself in observing. See, so that's back. Just saying. Okay, I mean, that's what you want to put out there, then fine. You can just go with that. But the truth of the matter is, yeah. You gotta stop doing that. It's funny. I'm just saying. I mean, I'm gonna keep going, that's just why I do it. Never seen you just sit in the corner anywhere, at any event, but okay, whatever. But here's the thing, it's funny. You were one of the reasons why we ended up getting Leon Rogers. And we talked about this when he was on the show, last season, we talked about the fact that the reason why he reached out to me is because he saw you and Herb Kent in the trailer for Intimate Friend. And then he reached out to me on MySpace. Wow. I'm gonna show you how long it was. Uh-huh. And he wanted to be a part of the films seeing the quality of the work one, but also seeing you and Herb in Rest in Peace, Rest in Peace, Herb Kent. Great guy. But seeing you guys in the films gave him the comfortability to reach out to me. And I've been working with him in several movies since. And you were one of the Black Party babes? Yes, that's my guy. Yep, I was a Black Party babe for Leon Rogers. And yeah, that is my homie. He's actually, I wanna say he was either the first or second person I hopped on the phone with when I decided to join the cast of Flavor of Love. And I was nervous about that. I was like, oh, I don't know if I should do it. I don't wanna look crazy. But me and Leon, we go way back. We have a really cool relationship. And so it was definitely fun to be able to work in different spaces with him as well. I remember that as well. And I also remember telling you that if you made a fool out of yourself, I was gonna kick you out. Yes, yes, yes, yes you did. That is right, yes you did. The funny part about it was she was trying to act like, I guess you signed some kind of NDA or whatever, but she was just saying I was going to do something in L.A. And I think she might have said something about VH1. I said, if you went to go do that goddamn show. It was like, she's saying this shit. Like I'm not in the industry and I don't know what's being filmed at what time. Like I'm out of the loop. Just cause I'm independent doesn't mean I don't know what the fuck is going on in other situations. I'm like, you went to go do that goddamn show, didn't you? Yeah, you did. I swear to God, if you showed your ass, I'm coming for you. Oh my God, that was funny, yes. But some people know you from, but they can get to know you in a better situation by going to Tubi and or Plex, either country and checking out the movie, Hate Love, King B's Hate Love, right there. Hey, it's real cool, buddy. I appreciate you for being here and being back. And I don't know if I could deal with you for it now. Yes, you can. But you never know. Yes, you will. You never know. Yeah, with enough drugs, you can do anything. This is so funny, I see. It's okay. Got a new comedian now. No, I'm just saying. Yeah, sometimes you need a, you need a, you know, weed is a hell of a job. Well, you know. For fuck's sake. Okay, all right, I'm just gonna leave that one. It's time to talk some shit. With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Brought to you by King B's Hate Love, now streaming for free on Tubi. For as much as I hate, bullshit that's associated with this business, I love it. My friends and sometimes even working with people creates new friendships. So I had fun to be had a lot of work to be done. We've got the movie about mental health in which you can help us get this film made by going to GoFundMe slash mental the movie and leaving a donation. And I'm so excited to be getting back to work on a brand new project with more information to come soon. Those are the things that I love. This is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.