Yeah, let's get intimate, baby. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen? King B right here. And this is King B's Raw Fusion. Welcome. How you feeling? Are you doing good? I'm doing good. I'm looking at these numbers. Whoa. These intimate friends numbers. Whoa. So recently, actually about maybe a month ago, we dropped on streaming the movie King B's Intimate Friends. It's on Tubi in the US and Plex the rest of the world. You can see it for free is streaming right now. Just search King B's Intimate Friends or probably Intimate Friends. I know on Tubi, if you type in Intimate Friends it'll come up. I so appreciate you guys checking out our film. Here's the thing. I wanted to give you guys a little more insight into the film and how it all went down. So we have a really great show planned for you today. We're gonna bring in a couple of the co-stars from the film and we're going to introduce a new segment. New segment alert. Yes, it's called Ask King B. If you guys have some kind of question that you wanna ask me, email me. King B's Royal Fusion, put the S on there. So K-I-N-G-B-S-R-A-W-F-U-S-I-O-N at gmail.com. Be sure to include your name if you wanna be shouted out because we will do that, right? Of course not your address. What city, what country you're emailing from. We can get to your question. Again, that's King B's Royal Fusion at gmail.com. All right, so let's get to it. Let's do it the first one. Yeah, this is Ask King B. Let's go. All right, well, here we go. The first time that we're doing this segment, this is from Lisa Tracy out of Chicago, Illinois, USA. We're going to get to hers because she had a few of them pretty good. So the first one from Lisa Tracy, Chicago, Illinois. First one, was this a true story? This is in regards to intimate friends. Again, streaming now to be plex. Was this a true story? It was as was most of my films. There are some actual elements from real life. I think you could say it's inspired by a true story. Next question, what inspired you to write the story about Eric and Breanna? Well, here's the thing. And that kind of piggy banks off of the last question. There is in the middle, I think it's about the middle mark of intimate friends. There's a conversation. It's actually a chapter. It's called The Conversation. I don't want to give it away, but there's a conversation in the middle. Let's put it like that. And it's called The Conversation, it's a chapter in there. That conversation, it actually happened. It was, of course, it wasn't verbatim. It's been abridged and abbreviated. The basis of that conversation basically happened. And the question became, and I think that a lot of times in film, it's about a question. What if a mob hitman got hit by his own organization? What does that look like? What are the circumstances in which that may come about? And that kind of was the basis for ROOST. And so, to me, that's where it kind of starts. It's a question. Now, what if these two got together? What would that look like? And so that was the, that conversation was what inspired me to write that story. One more question. Did filming take place in Chicago? Yes, it was shot here in Chicago, mostly Chicago. Some of it was shot in the suburbs. Cal City, I think was one suburb that we actually shot in. And, oh, downtown too, some of the opening scenes are from downtown. That beginning where there is poetry, you hear my character saying a poem in the beginning. That's telling a story. Also, the beginning, the sequence where the titles began, that's telling a story as well. The story is Eric going from downtown, assuming that his workplace is downtown. And him traveling to Brianna's house. And it ends there. So you don't see Eric, but you see the surrounding things. You start off downtown, Chicago. You take the train, and then you end up on the south side at Brianna's house. Opening sequence, you see different things from the room. That actually follows a path of a very key scene. Like, you know, it's interesting. We have to do one of these. And I think we'll start putting that in the exclusive content. And we're probably gonna drop that down to a buck. But when I do the exclusive content, I plan on, I plan on, hopefully it gets done. We got a lot of things going. We still have to do ROOST the sequel, and put that out on streaming. And ROOST the book, the novel, is coming soon. So I'm working on that to extend the story of ROOST and tell more of it before we decide whether we're gonna be doing another ROOST movie or not. Here's the thing. There is a scene at the end of the chapter of Brianna's party. There's something that happens at the end of that chapter. And there's a Roots that's taken. The beginning follows that route. So I'm just not looking. It's just not things that were cool in the house. And the house was cool. Shout out to Kev D and his father for inviting us to shoot. Well, I kind of asked and they said yes. A home to shoot at his home, at his father's home. So there were a lot of great things in that house. But it wasn't just let me take pictures of the cool things that's in the house. It follows that route that corresponds with the activity that happens at the end of the chapter of Brianna's party. Thank you, Lisa Tracy for your questions. And if you would like to ask me some questions, I don't wanna talk about myself in the third party. I'm sorry. But if you would like to ask me some questions for our Ask King B segment, King B's Raw Fusion at gmail.com. That's King B's Raw Fusion at gmail.com, all right? We're gonna take a break and we're gonna be back who got some special guests in the house from the movie King B's Intimate Friends. This is Raw Fusion and we'll be back right after this. All right, we'll go alone as I stand to my feet. My heart pumps not once but twice within the same beat. I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky clubs to get on some funky dance floor to dance with some funky man. I never used to think of lies. Give me one good reason how I'm shitting. It doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with this. That has everything to do with this. Hey, hey, hey. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end, but should I not get intimate? I'm gonna shave you. I already shaved. Now where am I gonna shave? Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the US, then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on Plex. Hey, it's King B. And if you wanna find an easy way to keep up with me, you can go to my website, kingbworldwide.com. That's king, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find links to my books, the movies, the podcasts, and so much more. That's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. Raw Fusion. And we have one of the co-stars of King B's Intimate Friends right here. She plays Gloria on Intimate Friends. I had the distinction of starting her career in television and film. Yes. And then she went on and did some stuff on VH1 and she was an accomplished model before then. But then, you know, I scooped her up and, you know, first wanted to make her a star. It's J. Marie, ladies and gentlemen. What's up? Hey, hey, hey, hey, how is everyone doing? Thank you, sir. Yes, you scooped me up. You are right. Yes, you did. You gave me my big break. The big break, the big break. I, we met at a party when I had my TV show on the channel 11, PBS, WTW. And we started a friendship from there, just talking and, you know, getting to know each other, shooting the shit, all of that. And then I ended up putting you on Raw Fusion briefly for one of those seasons. And then we ended up doing Intimate Friends. We started out, I had someone and that someone pulled a move and during one of the shoots and which got her ex-communicated from the set. And it's funny because, you know, I tell actors, don't piss off a director, it's also the writers. No, no, yes. That is a big no-no. I know, right? And it's funny, I sat in my car and I think I was smoking a black in my mouth. And I had intentions on moving forward because I didn't want to reshoot anything. And then I just thought, well, what if, what if I was going to get rid of her? How would I do that? And that sparked the whole thing. And we were able to not have to do any reshoots and actually added maybe a couple of lines and then I switched everything over to Gloria who became a new character. And then, you know, since we were friends, I just gave you a call and said, hey, come do this, do this movie. You know, like, yeah. And now we're here. I know, and now we're here. And you know what? Everything happens for a reason. So it works out well. It does. I think it enhanced the story actually. Yes. People are responding. It's on Tubi right now. For those who are listening outside the U.S. and I should have been on it. But you can, I didn't know that the Tubi is, since it's owned by Fox, I thought it was more global. But Tubi is basically like the largest free streaming platform in the U.S., but it seems as if it's basically the U.S. So for those who are listening from outside the U.S., you can also see the films on Plex, which is another free streaming platform that you can watch it on. So if you're outside of the U.S., you can watch it on Plex. If you're inside the U.S., you can still watch it on Plex, but preferably watch it on Tubi. And it's pretty good. How are you doing? I am wonderful. I am busy being a mommy, which is so crazy, because I never saw this life for me. Yeah, I know. But it's also, I know. It's nuts, but I am doing very well. That's good. That's good. What was your thought process when I called you and told you that, why don't you come do this movie? Well, you know what? Honestly, initially it was always kind of nerve-wracking, only because I've always seen myself getting into the entertainment world in other areas. I was already modeling. I was a brand ambassador for Miller and some other big name spirit companies. And so I knew that was like my next step, but I was not anticipating on starting so soon because it was for that time, it was still kind of a late start for me, but I still had ideas about everything that I wanted to do. And in my mind, you're never too old for what God has for you. What is for you will be for you regardless of your age, but as well as I do entertainment world, they try to put a stamp on you when you're expired. So it was a little nerve-wracking, but I trusted you, I trusted the process. We were really great friends. And so I knew that only good could come from it. So I was like, why not? And then it was a big enough role for me, but it wasn't too large where I felt overwhelmed. Like, oh, I don't know if I can do this. I knew it was something that I would be able to handle. So I started off nervous, but you helped ease me out and make me feel better. So I got comfortable and it was all good from there. Well, I mean, I do have that comforting quality. You do. Even though I'm an asshole. You try to be. Now, for all of those out there, he's fronting. He's really a big soft teddy bear, but you have to get to that side. Yeah, I'm absolutely not. I'm a complete asshole and I love it. No, so it's interesting because we actually met up one day and you showed me some of the photos, the pictures that you were taking. And we kind of went over that sort of thing. I think at that time, I was telling you, you should get into acting because that modeling shit does really have a shelf life. People don't understand that most models get into it about 14, 15. And we can talk about whether that's appropriate on a later conversation. I tend to think it, you know, I did, I actually managed one model. She was a dancer, a rapper, all that stuff when she was 15, but I tried to keep it more age appropriate. Some of these things that they do with 15 year olds is weird, but that's the industry. I agree. Yeah, but getting into it in your, when you're 18, 20, you are kind of like five years behind. A lot of these models in the industry. And so I was like, yo, this has a shelf life, but you can act when you're 102. So you should get into that. And we had that conversation. I remember having that conversation. I forgot what, somewhere in Hyde Park, we were having coffee or something like that. And, you know, we were looking at pictures you were taking. This was before I became a photographer of which you later came and shot with me. I was about to say, yeah. Yep. Yeah. So that was good. I was very behind the scenes supportive. And then just, you know, decided, hey, why don't you come on and do this. And then you ended up doing Hate Love as well. And looking over those films, both of those films, the performances I like to see when an actor is in similar roles, but give very different performances. And, you know, what I saw from you and Gloria, and then what I saw in subsequent role with Hate Love, it was very different. It was different. It was. I feel like there was growth there. I love both films. And I was very honored for you to even, you know, present them for me. Cause of course you could have went with someone more seasoned or had more experience. And just for you to allow me to have that chance and to get in and get a feel for it and learn was an awesome and an incredible opportunity. So I greatly appreciate that. And yeah, I definitely feel like there was definitely a difference between the two. And it really helped me with my career doing both of those films. So now she finally admits it, you know, we've been going back and forth cause she never wanted to give me my credit. And she's really fun. She's just doing this shit cause, you know, this is in front of people in private. She's always doing that. You ain't do shit. And, you know, that's just, you know, what, what she does. But we're, you know, that's what happens when friends get together. You know, you, it's not the enemies you got to watch out for. It's these people that, that's your friends, you know. It's right up under your noses. Right up under your noses. Well, those juices and berries and shit when she's flipping her hair and all that kind of shit is very interesting. But that makes, that makes three times that we worked together once on the TV show. And then in two of the five movies I've done. I'm ready for more. You're ready for more. I am ready for more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They say that shit until you give them the role and it's like, ah. Hey, I was just having this conversation. You know, Real Talk, it's been such a huge transition for me from how I would typically live my life and then becoming a mom. Because I took it and I did a complete 180. Like I didn't think I was. I was the, while I was pregnant, it was like, okay, I'ma have this baby and I'ma get back in the gym and do this, do that in the third and do everything that I was doing before. But then when she got here, I was so paranoid over about her, who to trust her with and what to do. And it was just a whole new life for me that I completely, I took a nice, a long break, a really long break just to experience this new life as a mother, but at some point too, you're like, oh my goodness, I'm losing me. And I've had some conversations with some really good friends of mine and they're like, you know what? It's not too late. And, you know, I need that and I need to get back to doing what makes me happy and what I love and what I love to do. And so, which is entertainment, which is acting and being in front of the camera. And so, what's funny is, I feel like my kid is following those same footsteps. She's such a little entertainer. It is so nuts. And I have so many videos and films that I have done with her where I'm like, okay, this kid is funny and she takes after her mama, so. Looks at all, looks at all, so I think she's gonna be good. But I am ready. I am ready. I'm ready to get back to me. Just having one of you is enough. We can handle. I know it actually, I don't know either, but we can work it out. We can work it out. I hear you talking. Just having to deal with you is enough. I'm just being one. No, actually. That's okay. I still love you. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I hear you talking. You can check both of us out on King B's intimate friends. Dope, dope movie, doing very well right now on Tubi and again on Plex. You can check it out there as well if you're outside the U.S. This is Jay Marie and I appreciate you for being here. I appreciate you having me. It means a lot and I truly do love you and I wish you nothing but the best. No, that's sweet. You all right? This is Ralph Fusion, we'll be right back. What's up everybody, it's King B and I wanna tell you about my website, kingbworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff including links to my book, the movies, and even the podcast there as well. It's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. I don't think so. It doesn't feel right. I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with it. That has everything to do with it. It's been drawn, the question is in the end, should I not get intimate? I'm gonna shave you. I already had a shave. Nowhere I'm gonna shave. Watch King B's intimate friends streaming now for free on Tubi. Outside of the U.S., then watch King B's intimate friends for free on Plex. And we're back. And in the house right now, we have the co-star of King B's intimate friends. Right here, Lerin Becton. What's up, Laren? What's going on, King? How are you? I'm good, how are you? I'm doing good, I'm doing good. Good, so it is very interesting how we actually met and how Laren got the role. We were looking for someone for this particular thing. This project actually was about a year in the making. We started previously and casted everybody else. And we had actually several different people that came in for the role of Brianna. Actually, it was really interesting how we did the casting process. Everyone read the same thing. And through their read, it's how I chose them for the different parts except for J. Marie. J. Marie came in mid-shoot. Everyone else basically read for the part of Brianna. We had someone in that position and I decided that yeah, she was kind of, how do you say it, flaky. Yeah, that was it. And so I kept looking. I ended up going to Sam's Club of all places at the time. That's where I used to go get my food in bulk and did my shopping there. It's a funny connection. Also at Sam's Club, I ran into Herb Kent again after we had had him on my show, Royal Fusion, when we were on PBS. And he was saying that he had watched the show, liked it and liked how we mixed the interview that we had with him in with the show, with the soap opera Temptations. He said, if you ever have anything he could act in, let him know and gave me his information. And so for this one, we decided, I decided, yeah, come on, let's do this movie. And that's why he showed up. So Sam's Club, shout out to Sam's Club. That's why I went on in that damn same one, same Sam's Club. But I went to the pharmacy for whatever reason, I don't even know because I wasn't on medication then. It was, so I don't know why the hell I was over at the Sam's Club. Was there something else that you, anyway? So, Laren was the pharmacist over at Sam's Club and we would spark up conversations and talk. I don't know what, if I'm not mistaken, you were not over there if the first time I met you. I think you might've been in line or something, maybe on break and was getting something, maybe to eat or something like that. And I met you on the floor and then you said that you were a pharmacist and then after sparking up a conversation a few times, well, a conversation the next time I probably came over and said, what's up? So it's interesting how that actually happened. Don't go looking for her at Sam's Club. She doesn't work there anymore. But, because you know how some of these people will be. Oh, she was at Sam's, she works at Sam's Club. Let me go over there. It's a good point at this point. But, yeah, and we just would talk all the time and then I was talking about the movie as if you had done any acting or was interested in it or probably modeling too, because you're kind of tall. And from there, we exchanged numbers, had some cool talks. The funniest thing was our talks that we would have on the phone reminded me of Eric and Brianna conversations. Or at least in my head, it really seemed like conversations that those two characters would have. So then I invited you to audition and you got the role. So what was your first thoughts when reading the script? You know, reading the script, it was interesting because when you think of the relationships that you have with men that are not your significant other or not men that you engage with on that level, the conversations that you had in your script were very similar to the conversations that you would have with a male friend or a male that you are strictly platonic with. So I thought that was really interesting. And I thought that you have spent some time really thinking about the character for Brianna and the conversations that she would have. But it was interesting. And I was really shocked when I got the call to play her character because realizing she was the main character and I hadn't done any acting, it was interesting. It was really interesting. But I thought it was a good script from the jump. Shout out to my directing skills, even being as though that was my first movie. I know we released them in a different order. So shout out to my directing skills for not only being able to see talent but pull out great performance. But no, I digress. But no, seriously, I was surprised after watching the film again from a different lens. When I tried to watch films even though I know what's going on even though I had a hand in the creation of the film I tried to look at it. It's weird, the mind tricks that I play. As if I was a first time viewer of the film and tried to get in the seat of viewers. It was interesting to me to see the portrayal that you gave. Actually, it's a really good portrayal especially for someone who's never done any acting before and to come in. And literally, I believe in every scene it's either you or I in the scene throughout the entire film. So that was something that I later decided, yeah, not gonna do that. And it's because I had to be the director and the actor a lot. So if you look at the other films there are several scenes where I'm not in them. And I remember that was the one thing I was overly impressed with you. Doing this film with you is because you did play so many hats, you ran so many hats throughout this entire production. Like you said, you were the director, the actor, the cameraman, the lighting guy, the wardrobe person. So it was tough. That had to be really, really tough. And I know when is your business and your production you kind of do what you need to do at that point. But it was impressive, it was really impressive. Thank you. That's why I try to, especially with Raw Fusion, try to give people examples of no excuses. And I call myself an asshole and I kinda am because that's the way it is in this business. If you're not gonna do it, someone else will do it. And so you better get your spot and make it happen. And as an entrepreneur, it's kind of hard, it's very hard to get a business off the ground. And sometimes you are wearing those hats but there are no excuses. Get out there, get into it, make it happen. And you can't do it. So thank you for saying that because a lot of people don't know. In every film that's out now, if you don't see me in that shot, forget about the scene. I may still be in the same scene. I have the camera in my hand or I'm behind the camera on the sticks. Even if I'm in the same scene but that angle where I'm not in that shot, then I'm most likely have the camera in my hand or I'm behind the camera on the stick. Right. And sometimes, depending on what it's when you think about it, you're not on a particular set. You are in someone's home or wherever you are, you have to create your angles and you have to create your shot. So not easy. It looks easy but it's not easy. No. And then you gotta produce the thing. Kev Dee and his father, they gave us the green light for your Breanna's house. So we were in there a lot. Quite a bit. We were in there a lot and it's very intrusive. In the bathroom, in the bedroom, it's a kitchen. Yeah. And there's some secrets about that. But I won't divulge. But I mean, in just being able to put, sometimes you take one house and you make two or you take one place and you make another place out of the other place and this place goes with that place and it's all depending on the schedule, not necessarily the place, right? True. Really true. Yeah. We did some weird shit. And through the magic of camera work or editing, we see that together. Yeah, yeah. And another thing I would say for me, I just thought when you look at the personas of the other characters in the movie, like we all really gelled really well. I thought even off set, on set, there was a really good chemistry when the camera wasn't rolling. We were laughing and joking. It wasn't like any negative energy. Sometimes you go to certain places and there's negative energy for whatever reason. But we didn't know each other from Adam and it was just a really good chemistry with everybody on set. So I thought that was awesome. Yeah, I think that's important. And even though that was my first, my directorial debut as a filmmaker, it was not my directorial debut in dealing with actors. We had done soap opera temptations before then. So I had that under my belt, right? And that's like, shit. I think we did like 14 episodes. And they're all at least a half hour or more long. So, and then the show, War of Fusion had been on television as well. So, and actually had made it to PBS by that time. So I had some experience in doing that. And I think at that point we had done at least 50 shows of War of Fusion. So, you know, I was used to it, although it's insanity. I was kind of used to that insanity without actually knowing it was really insanity. It's just something I wanted to do and making it happen. You just turned it on. Yeah, you got to do what you got to do. Since then you have become a bodybuilder, which is shocking as hell. What is your passion for bodybuilding? Oh, that is a really good one. I'll tell you even how that started. So I've always been into fitness. Even when I met you, I was always into fitness. And that has been my passion for a while. And I knew absolutely nothing about bodybuilding. Like the only imagery I had of female bodybuilders were the bulky, boxy, manly type of female bodybuilders that you would see on the magazine covers. No tits. Of certain magazines. A fake tits. Yeah. Yeah. Right, exactly. And that was something that I never even would begin to consider. Except for, I want to say, about two years ago, there was a young lady, well, she's not young. She's, well, she's in her mid-50s. And she was a competitor. And I was just amazing to me. And she introduced me to the bikini category of female bodybuilding. And so when she showed me pictures and posing, and I was like, oh, OK, I can do that. And that actually looked really good to me. Right? So I said, OK. It was supposed to be a bucket list item, right? It was just supposed to be something that I was going to do just to say that I did it. I was going to do my very first show and just I was going to be the end of it. Honestly, I had said that out loud so many times because I don't know if most people know when you are prepping to go on stage, there's a lot that's involved with that. There's an entire focus that goes into that that could be a little arduous. And so I was like, yeah, I'm not doing this again. But I went pro my very first show. And what that means is that I got my pro card, my very first show. And so from every show that I did since then, what that means is that I would actually get paid to compete. And I said, well, that kind of changes things, right? So I said, well, I can't give it up now. Can't walk away from it now because I was already doing majority of the things bodybuilders do. So I tell women all the time, all of us are athletes. If you get up and you get to the gym and you're consistent and you push through whatever it is you have to push through and you overcome whatever you're going through and you get to your goals and you set new goals. It's all of us are athletes. And so I thought I was already doing it. And I said, it would be pretty cool to actually get paid for what I'm already doing. Now the dieting is not something bodybuilders do on a consistent basis when we're not prepping to get on stage. Now, majority of us eat clean because that's just kind of our lifestyle in general, even off season. But when you have a very specific diet when you're preparing to get on stage, that part we don't do until we're about 12 weeks, 16 weeks out. Outside of it, I'm already doing every other aspect of bodybuilding. I'm constantly setting new goals for myself and constantly rediscovering my body. And that's typically what we do. So yeah, this is along with pharmacy and real estate and bodybuilding is just my other avenue of professionalism. That's interesting that you are not doing any more acting as well as a performer. Why did you decide to not continue down the acting road? You know what? Opportunity, when you think about the things that you do in Life King, it's really about what's in front of you and what's placed in front of you. And as far as, like I said, I had a great time being on set with you and the crew. Really good time. It was an awesome learning experience for me. There was a lot of time involved with that. But in terms of just having the sheer opportunity to do that again, it never presented itself. And honestly, I never thought about it after that. That was one of the things that we did, that we all did together for the production. And it was like, OK, all right, that's done. I think we all just went in our separate brains and did our different things. I know Sharad ended up doing talk shows and some acting and things like that. And he played Michael's character. But as far as anyone else, I don't know. But for me, it never really presented itself again. Rico, we put him in. And you guys can see it at KingBWorldwide.com. He did some other projects as well. But we put him in there. So you'll see him when we did the setup with crucial conflict. And then let's see. I don't know about anybody else as far as going on to do some other things. But it's very time intensive. It's very labor intensive. And people think that it's an easy, fun thing to do. And it is. And even though I say I'm an asshole, which I kind of am, when it comes to this, people have fun. We have fun. There's not a movie that we don't have fun. And at the end of the day, we've done a movie. Like, it's more like we're kicking it. And then at the end of the day, we've actually shot a movie. And that's the reason why I can get, just about anybody, I want back. And people want to work with me because people talk in different circles and it's a really cool thing. I just am very stickler about certain things because I want to get it right. And that is also something that people enjoy because I'm not going to lie to you. I'm not going to say you did a good job when you didn't. In fact, I'm going to do the opposite and say that was shit. And we need to figure out how we can get it better. Because at the same time, you're putting your image in my hands. And so if I don't take that seriously and you look like a fucking buffoon, then I think that's worse than me worried about your feelings on the set and saying, oh, that's great. And then it sucks, right? I don't believe there's anybody that can say that you didn't give a great performance in that role, right? Thank you. Now, I don't know how we could stretch you. I don't know how far that would work, like a completely different character from you. But for a character that I truly do believe that, I mean, there's just some nuances in acting, especially when you're not speaking. You know, a lot of people can act while they're speaking. But what I like to look at when I dissect movies are the reactions when they're not speaking. What do they look like when they're not speaking? From action to cut, you need to be in character. And so just some of the reaction shots, I thought fucking brilliant the way you handled that, especially being a first-time actor. And so, thank you. Yeah, it was a really good job. Thank you. Now I'm supposed to say the beauty about this as far as, and I've never been a director. So, but I would say, you know, going back to your earlier point, when you say I want to put a particular product out here, not only for yourself and your business, but for the actual actor or the actress themselves. That's really key. And the beauty about that is that your tastes changes over time. It develops over time. So what you thought, you know, was good since you started doing this, has changed since you, I've gotten to this point now, right? And that's the beauty of production, I think. Is that watching a director or watching a producer grow in the industry. When you think about just anybody that has been doing this for a while and you have watched them over time. I mean, it's amazing to me. Yeah, it is interesting. I don't know if the taste necessarily changes. What I think is good in one thing is gonna be good in the next thing. I think that it would look differently and the choices may be different. But the overall tastes, I don't know if, I mean, I suppose for some people it does. For me, I just, I delve into so many different things in which I don't know that the taste necessarily changes. And what I mean by that is you've got intimate friends and then you've got roots, which are so different. And actually with that, each film project, I try to find a different way of telling the story. And so that's the reason why ROOST looks very, very different than intimate friends. It's not, I mean, people say that you have a style and some directors do, but I even try to change the style of the film according to what the subject matter or the text is. So that's really, that changes, you know, from project to project, even my look changes and hopefully my acting changes. I think that Alex, and if you watch Alex, and then, well, when we do it, because I don't think we're putting out any temptations, but if you were fortunate enough to see my performance as Manoshua Johnson in the soap opera, they're both pretty bad characters, bad guys, but I think that there's a distinct difference in the performance because there would be, if they were alive, distinctly different characters. And that's, you know, it's the subtleties, it's the nuances that change. So even my character in intimate friends and then the penis dialogues or the TPD experience, those are pretty cool characters, but I think they're very different. Some of them actually do seem that you do have different types of movies that are out there. What has been your favorite, so far, favorite type of movie to direct or even play in? I don't know that I have. The favorite probably is the movie I'm doing right now. I don't have a favorite movie of mine. I think they all, you like them for different reasons. It's kind of like kids. Do you really have a favorite kid? Maybe you do. I know Dionne Sanders says he does have favorites. I don't know that if I had children, if I would have a favorite, I just like different qualities from different kids, right? And to me, that's the movie game. And since it's hit streaming, intimate friends is probably more people are watching than that than ROOST, right? But it depends on, but for so long, ROOST has been my top seller. It kind of depends on the platform who it's reaching. We're in like 60, 70 countries with these films. Whatever resonates with them resonates with them. But for me, I think they're all pretty much the, they're all my kids. So. Okay. It was great having you here and I appreciate you for being here. And yeah, check us out. And she's showing, she's showing a little bit of skin. You wanna see what that looks like in King B's Intimate Friends. So check that out now streaming right now on 2B. It's time to talk some shit. With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Brought to you by King B's Hate Love. Now streaming for free on 2B. King B's Intimate Friends streaming now on 2B and Plex for free. Amazing movie. I got a chance to work with some great people, rest in peace, Herb Kent. You know, this was the first movie for me. And although I had done some other dramatic pieces, we had done soap opera temptations. When you launch out there to do your first film, it can be an interesting, interesting task. I don't wanna just celebrate the film, although we wanna celebrate the film. I wanna celebrate the spirit of entrepreneurship, the spirit of getting out there and doing something. The spirit of having an idea and doing what you need to do in order to make that idea happen. I wanna celebrate all the people who have an idea and decide that they're going to take the bull by the horns and do something about that idea. There are so many people out there. And your friends may not understand what you're doing. Your family may not understand what you're doing, but if you're doing the right thing and you stick with it and you work through the issues and the problems, it can be a very rewarding thing. And as long as you know what you're doing and the higher power knows what you're doing, you'll be just fine. I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.