We're talking business, how to get your money right for the hour. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, shout out to Bobby Drake, Spike and Jamal. They are the ones who produced this intro to explain now. They also did the music for Monika's So Gone. Which was a huge record. So, I'm in great company. It was actually made for my TV show. Way back when I was on PBS. We recorded it. It's a whole song really. We just play a portion of it on the show. So, when I came back to Raw Fusion and started going through all the other stuff that we had before, I'm like, I really want to play. This is the intro now. It's still a dope record. And if you listen closely, I say cut on your TV. I guess now you can listen to a podcast on your TV. So, it still works. So, shout out to them. Anyway, today we are talking about business. How to get your business right. And we have four business owners who came together to form the Quad coaches and they're teaching business owners how to increase their business or get started in business. And they are here today. How's everybody doing? Great. Fabulous. Thank you. Wonderful. Okay. So, we have April prayer, Andrea Thompson, Tiffany Taylor and Mel Robison. Now, the crazy part about it is I knew, well, I've known April and she was on our first show since first grade. So, like, we were little, little kids. Mel, I've known him through the business of filmmaking. He's actually a talented actor, but don't tell him I said that. Now, Andrea and Tiffany, they were new people to me. When I went into their group, which is how to fire your boss after party, they actually gave some free information that was actually very, very good. And I was going to support April and Mel anyway, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well and informative Andrea and Tiffany were. Thank you. Let's break it down. April is about mindset, which is questionable. You know, he's a friend of mine. I could joke with him like that. Andrea, she is all about the promo, how to advertise and how to market your business. Tiffany is the money lady. So, you know, I want to get next to her. April, my good friend, she puts together how to make your teamwork. Teamwork makes the dream work, but she doesn't call it team. She calls it squad. Now, why is that? Why? Because teams drain you of time, energy, aggravation and micromanagement. So we got to create something different in that space. You got to start thinking about a team as your mastermind, the people who are going to work with you, who have your vision in mind at all times. And so we replace the word team with squad. Because teams work your damn nerves. Okay, I get it. And I can agree sometimes. So what's the acronym for squad? Squad. Squad. Are you going to give it away? Are you going to give it away? I don't know. Okay. My bad. Okay. You got to pay for this. Okay. Which is great information, but you got to pay. Exactly. I will say this. First, you find your star. You find your star. First, you find your star to help you build your squad. And your star is somebody who is a self-starter, someone who is a recruiter, someone who is all in, someone who has your vision in mind at all times. And then they make it easier to find another safe space for you to be, to find other people to be around you to help you build your vision. So I will give that little tidbit away. So the S is for star and safe. Star that makes you safe. I love it. I love it. I love it. Self-starter. All right. Andrea. Yes, I'm here. That's me. You are teaching people how to market their business. Yep. What simply, and again, you got to pay for the good, good, good stuff. What can you tell us, what can you give away about marketing your business, no matter what business it is, something that's kind of universal? Well, according to my coaches, I can't give anything away, okay? I'm being coached too. No, I'm just saying. So what I can tell you is this accounting, marketing, and innovation is what will sustain your business ultimately. The numbers and the words and your ability to create. And so while Tiffany's expertise is numbers, my expertise is words. And I always say, you know, good words matter. In fact, great words matter. And so how you uniquely stand out in the marketplace, how you express your brand, it really speaks to not only the quality and credibility of your brand, but the impact and the reach of your brand as well. So you need to kind of be paying attention to how you verbally represent yourself across digital platforms. I think sometimes people post for the sake of posting, but I always like to remind people to be very intentional and be purposeful in their posting rather than posting just to see if it works. What I love about what you were talking about, and again, this, you gave away for free in the group. So matter of fact, if you're on Facebook right now in your business owner and you want to get coached in your business, hey, look, Michael Jordan had a coach. So we all can use some coaching, even if you're the greatest of all time. But what you did give away was that you should get on at a certain time to promote your business. It's important. And that was something that I knew before going into the group. I was doing a project with John Blue. We had this long conversation about when we should actually release the. Well, it's like a mini movie. It's not really a video, but what time? And I'm like, what time? And that's really why I started to look at people pick up their phones at different times of the day. And of course, when you wake up, first thing most of us do is check our emails and then probably social media and stuff like that. So that's important. And you give a hell of a lot more tips in the actual course that you have to pay for, which is great. I think that there are a lot of coaching things out there in which you have to pay for. If you go to school, you got to pay for it. If you're going to Columbia or wherever, one of the things about working with me, because I'm a filmmaker, I've had people come and work with me. And many of them will tell you that they spent $20,000, $30,000 for Columbia and they learned more from me. So when you have someone that is taking their time and investing in you personally, you oftentimes learn more than if you pay thousands of dollars at college. So that's what I want to have you guys on. Tiffany, you are the money lady. I'm the money lady. That's right. That's right. So yeah, I'm going to keep you happy. I like being happy. So you have, and am I right in seeing that you posted that you helped businesses get over $2 million? Was it since COVID or this year or something like that? Tell me about that. That's correct. Since COVID. And that's actually how April and I kind of transformed this into the quiet coaches, because what we found was there were so many people who spend so much time doing what they enjoy running their business, whatever that business is, that they don't take the time to build the foundation. And therefore, there were too many business owners who did not qualify for the simple grants they were available at their fingertips. Or even people just didn't think that they qualify just because they, oh, I didn't file taxes or I didn't keep my books or I did not keep my LLC structure in place intact. You know, I don't know how many businesses don't have business credit. Don't know what a Dunn's number is. Don't know how to have the proper liability insurance. There's so many things that they are limiting themselves to and hindering themselves by not keeping the proper money habits, quote unquote. And you will help them personally with that, right? Absolutely. That's where I come in at. Absolutely. So there could be like a bunch of money out there that I ain't even got hold to yet, huh? There could be. Absolutely. And not even just the money that you can get a hold to, but just money that you're leaving on the table from just not having your stuff in order. Oh, gotta get your stuff in order. All right. Well, I'm going to say it like, you know, we said, get your shit right. You know what I'm saying? There you go. Mel, uh, party, getting to the point where you can get to all of these other things is getting your mind right. Right? Like masterpieces. Because if you don't have the, right, hey, you made a lot of money too. I'm not even going, I am not even going to say what I really want to say. Uh, but come on. Okay. I am going to say it. This is my show. Um, let's be realistic. Yeah. He actually, I never did like his music. Okay. A few songs in that movie. I got the hookup really serious. But what I, but the reason why I'm bringing and saying it that way is because he made so much money off of that stuff. Yeah. So it's not really, it's not all the time, the product that you're putting out. It's the business. It's the mindset. It's what you're going after. It's, there is someone somewhere, no matter what business you're in, someone somewhere will pay for, you just got to find them. Right. You know what I mean? And you got to have your mind, mind right. So tell me about what you do, uh, with quiet coaches. Well, I've been a personal development and professional development speaker for, uh, 17 years now. So, uh, I know you guys can't see on the podcast per se, but behind me now is just part of my library. I have one, two, three, four, five, six bookshelves in my office that are filled with books. Uh, I've probably read 85% of the books that are in my library. There's still some that I haven't gotten to yet that my mentors have recommended that I haven't gotten to. But one of, one of the things that I came to understand some years ago is what you think about, you bring about. And that is the premise awful of all of my teaching rather because everything is preceded in thought. Anything that you see that is not the divine manifestation of something that God created himself came about because of somebody's thought process. You know, we think a thing and then the physical manifestation of that thing can become reality. So that being considered, how you think about your business and the, the exercises that you do on a regular basis through spaced repetition to program yourself for success are extremely important. My firm belief is that at the end of the day, it doesn't matter what hardware we give you if the software isn't correct. You know, we can, we can give you the finest machinery, but if the software to run the machinery isn't there or is corrupted, it doesn't matter. You know what I mean? Like that's like putting an inexperienced driver in an Indianapolis 500 car and expecting him to compete with the other racers doesn't have the training. So the mental training, the mental aspect of what we do as business owners is just as important, if not more important than the daily operations of our businesses. So just to put it in the same context, you know, you can have a $50,000 computer and it's not going to work unless you get your, you know, the programs that you need in order to run or do the tasks that you want to do. You just have a very expensive computer and you're not doing shit with it. So it's important to get your mind right. Now we're going to take a quick break, but when we come back, we're going to find out how all of this got started and maybe I can con a few more tips out of them. It's King B's Run Fusion. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash King B. Previously on Raw Fusion. If you're having lots of sex, who has time to argue? There it goes, it's coming out. It is, I mean. If you're having good sex often, what are we arguing about? What are we going to argue about? Maybe to argue to have makeup sex? If that's what floats your boat, you know what I'm saying? Do what you got to do. Make it work. Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion. Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast wherever you get your podcasts. Raw Fusion. Now, how in the world did you guys come together to put this together? April. April Preyar. April. April. April's a trouble starter. it would be crazy. However, April, in spite of everything that she's been through personally, has been definitely the glue that has kept us all together on the days when we didn't feel like it, on the days when it wasn't working, on the days when we had technical issues, on the days when people were like, y'all crazy, how y'all gonna teach this thing, or why should I pay y'all to do it, and all this other stuff, she was the one that said, all right, keep going. Like whatever, keep going, keep going, keep going. And I'm happy to say that we did keep going and our inaugural students have achieved tremendous success and none of that would have happened if April had not cracked the whip on all of us. April is that person. In addition to that, the four of us each own and operate our individual businesses and have not only individual businesses, but multiple businesses between the four of us. And for April to still be able to pull that out of us so that we can pour into our students, it takes a lot. So we do, although we all work together, April's definitely the glue between us. Thank you. I was gonna say. I was gonna say, a counselor, a hold on. I wanna be just jumping there very quickly. So I really am appreciative of this energy that we have. I think that COVID and lockdown and subsequent looting and the emotional role of being owners, not just profit and bottom line wise, but it impacted us in terms of the relationships professionally that we've been able to cultivate and manage. We were not able to really be fully participating in those relationships. And so I think that in the midst of having to forcefully pivot and change everything because everything is changing in the midst of a shift, it's really important to be surrounded by positive people. So I'm not the most sensitive person, but I think that this group has pulled out a lot of my feelings about the necessity of really being in alignment with people who can help you to make shifts. So whether that's a shift in your finances, a shift in your mindset, a shift in your approach to team building or in my case, for me, a shift in your marketing. But what we brought together was what people needed. And I think that each of us learned from each other as we serve the people. So that's what makes it super inspirational and impactful. And plus, April's like kind of mean and bossy. I don't know if she's like that as a kid. No, she's not. I don't know if she's like that as a kid, but yeah. She's definitely assertive. I don't know about me, but she's definitely assertive. I'm mean. She's not mean. I'm mean and bossy. But she would tell you about yourself. She would tell you about yourself in a minute. I know that for a fact. So I'll just add this, like what we're doing exemplifies the modules that I teach. So the whole notion that none of us knows everything, but together we can cover a whole lot more ground needed to be an action that we showed our students. Because it's one thing to tell people, hey, you need to get a team. You need to get staff. You need to get support. Most businesses in the US fail because the number one reason that businesses fail in the US is quality of labor. And so that means either there is a solopreneur that's holding up the walls and trying to be the PR person and trying to be accounts payable and trying to be accounting and trying to be the creative and trying to do everything. Or it means you have a lot of turnover in your team. Or it means that you have an unreliable team. So for us to show people in our actions instead of having to simply tell them hey, you need to get a group together for them to see four professionals with lots of experience in a lot of different industries all make the time to do this while they're building their own businesses in the midst of complete world chaos pandemic and pandemonium says a whole lot. And it encouraged our students in our first class to do the same. And that was the most surprising result we got from our business, not as usual inaugural class is that the students there who came together didn't know each other. Met in this Facebook group left doing joint ventures. I mean like major projects where they were able to come together from different industries come together and say, hey, I think we can broaden our reach if we partner up. And that was because they saw four people in front of them four mentors partner up come together share whatever their strengths were show up prepared every time and deliver. And so I think that's a powerful testament to what we're doing. And initially we just did it like Tiffany said there were too many business owners that were coming forward who wanted the PPP loans who wanted the grants from the county or the city or the state or whomever corporate grants and they just didn't have their ducks in a row. And so she said, well, what if we make this a class or a membership or something so that these people don't miss out the next time something is available to them the next time funding is available and they can be the ones in line to get it instead of watching their doors close and their dreams go away because they simply were not prepared. I like that it's very much so needed because a lot of people especially when you're first starting a business you are kind of clueless, you know what I mean about the marketplace about how to get your name out there about, you know, different resources that you can get you know, it can be a daunting task for someone just starting out. The converse is you can be in business for 10 years and if you have never been exposed to some of these things it can be beneficial to you as well because we do what we do but there are so many other things that go along with business that we may not even know about or know to ask questions about and that in and of itself just knowing what questions to ask is very important, you know and a lot of business owners don't even know what they should be doing what questions they should be asking to increase your business it's great if you had a business and you're making some money that's great but taking it to the next level and there's always the next level so that can be, it can be beneficial to learn from people who are actually in business themselves how to do business. And my biggest thing is when I enter any kind of space and I have access to people I wanna get around them I want to ask them and get different information one of the things about that people don't know when I first started my TV show I was just crazy, I still am I just got out there and I just did stuff Yeah, I know, I know, sorry I just did stuff so I literally, I went to Cable Access, started my TV show Yeah, and so I just started calling people I called the program director didn't know him from McCann and Payne called the program director of WGN and just, you know, hey man, you know got a TV show, da, da, da, da, da and he, I don't know why took like 15, 20 minutes to talk to me and from that conversation just learning even some of the lingo that I didn't know I used so when I went to PBS I was able to use the same lingo and I guess I conned them into thinking I knew what I was doing and I actually got the opportunity to be on their network so just getting around people who are in the business or in the space that you wanna be in can be hugely important and then you guys are actually taking each of your students and giving your time to them which is important because I protect my time like it's gold because it is I mean, I was listening to someone else's podcast and they were talking about well, look at how much money you're worth how much are you gonna make in an hour or whatever and if it's more if you're making more then it would be to pay someone for something then pay them if you're gonna take if you're gonna take 15, 20 minutes to cut your grass and it's gonna cost you 20 bucks but you're gonna make $60 in this hour pay the person to catch grass even though you can do it pay them to cut your grass and make the $60 you're still making $40 profit so, you know but those are things again, I listen to a lot of podcasts too and different things those are the things and I'm like, hmm, that makes a lot of sense I just wanted to kind of piggyback on what you say it because as I was listening to you a very, very clear example came to mind the reason why I think the quad coaches works very effectively together and concert as an all-inclusive experience is because a lot of times people come to me for marketing and through the duration of working with them they ask me about things relative to team development and so they're like, okay can you come in and do a group coaching with my team and when I do that I noticed some things about the team that they may have people place in certain roles that are not where they serve best and because I don't specialize in team building I don't necessarily speak to that issue that I see but rather I try to coach in my area of marketing but I see that they have an issue with being a solopreneur and not being able to delegate to their team accordingly or in some cases I'll say, okay are you the person that's representing the brand or are you having a person that's the spokesperson of the brand who are we putting on radio or TV and because they have some mindset limitations in terms of their confidence level they're not really prepared to seize the opportunities and so the marketing is impacted by the mindset issues that they may have and oftentimes there's a finance issue there's a money issue where they're asking me should I become an LLC or should I become designated in another capacity and I'm like that's not my area I'm here to help you with marketing and so to have us all come together to address four critical components of business and professional development it's just a really, really inclusive experience and I definitely agree with you on the statement you just made about delegating to people I have a client who's a professional house cleaner a commercial and home cleaner and yesterday was house cleaners day these little holidays that they have I'm always in sync with them but she is my delegation because I noticed that it was taking me so much time to clean up and so I was like okay this is something I need to delegate to someone to make sure that is managed and I'm free in my time and so I think that's a lesson for all us entrepreneurs to really delegate and reclaim our time so to speak Yeah and people think you're trying to be bougie or anything like that but the truth of the matter is you're on a mission and if you attack business like I do you're just on a mission and anything that you can do to but life goes on so anything that or anyone you can bring in to help you focus on your mission is great and again getting coaching is great because there's a lot of things that you don't know because you are focused on being what you are when I was doing film I didn't do anything else when I was doing TV I didn't do anything else photography, same thing I did that at that moment and you wanna be able to focus on what you are doing instead of having to do a whole bunch of other things and your focus is taken away and so it's not being bougie you get somebody to clean up your house or cut your grass or whatever cook, whatever it is it's just you basically focusing on what your mission is and when you can do that you're miles ahead of the game April, who are you? I am a black woman from the south side of Chicago I am a daughter I am a criminal defense attorney of almost 21 years I am an advocate for the underdog and I'm very proud of that but I'm also a know your rights educator so I got fed up after practicing 18 years and realized I needed to reach more people so that they wouldn't end up as my clients those people are not taught in school they're not taught at home they're not taught in church they're not taught in any other setting how to respond when they are stopped by a police officer still assert their rights but also make it home safely and so I took that upon myself I started doing videos online I have almost 200 videos now and then I still realized I was not reaching a great deal of people so then I put all of that information into a board game so I'm also a board game developer, creator and designer so I wear a lot of different hats I have six books the last book of last book I wrote with two of these lovely people on your podcast called Code for Nine Marketers so we left Andrea out of that one and told our students some tips on how we market on a daily basis on social media I also am the founder of Two Nine Profits for Girls I started one back when I was at Duke University as an undergrad and it is still in existence some 25 years later so I'm super proud of that fact and it's actually the premier community service organization on campus that little old me started when I was like 19 or 20 years old so I wear a lot of different hats I'd like to keep my hands in different things because I have various passions and I just am determined to not let any of my passions die I know so many lawyers who are burnout with being an attorney but they really don't know what else to do and then on the flip side I know attorneys who stay lit up because they are really in love with dance or they're really beautiful writers and they've never smothered their other passions just to be a lawyer and so I just wanted to be one who was diverse and energetic and engaged at all times in chasing everything that God puts on my heart so that's who I am Love it, love it and we talked extensively about the board game congratulations on being on ABC talking about your board game and different things and then we talked about your paintings and all that stuff so you can find out more about who April is in our first show if you haven't checked it out already Tiffany, who are you? I too am a black woman but I'm from the west side of Chicago but now currently I hear that a lot I should know we all south side is over here I know, I know, I get that a lot I get that a lot however I've spent all of my adult life on the south side of Chicago so I currently live on the south side I too am an entrepreneur for about 24 years I have a scale of different skills and many hats just as April I started my first business just out of high school when I was 18 years old and that was my first tax company and I've been doing personal and business taxes since then I still own my tax preparation business and marriage ring tax pros I currently do that I currently own a boutique real estate firm top tail of a real estate group I've been doing real estate for about 16 years as well I started several businesses throughout my career including founded a wine brand company I founded at one point a virtual assistance business and I do that because again I'm the money girl so whatever means of I do believe in multiple streams of income and I don't like putting all my eggs in one basket so and this I think COVID really proven the fact that what I'm doing is right because once one thing dried up I had income coming into other places and sometimes the places that dried up the income almost tripled in some of my other businesses I'm also an investor of many sorts I invest in real estate oil foreign currency life insurance cannabis stocks and if I don't invest in it I probably will at some point because it's all passive income I will definitely take a look at it so I have a passion for educating not only minorities but particularly African-Americans about the things that would tend to be intimidated by such as taxes and investing and real estate and even a legacy for those things that we take for granted and for many of our ancestors have died for you know there were times when we were not allowed to own land or allowed to own real estate we couldn't get mortgages if you live in a certain neighborhood you were ratline you know so I I intend to educate and that goes into each one of my my businesses and that's that's my passion so that's who Tiffany Taylor is oh man you gotta get in this this this group she got all kind of money coming in I didn't teach you how to do so I said I got money everywhere everywhere she yeah she walk in one room there's money flowing through that room or walking the X-moom and one money coming through she did say she moved to the south side okay um Mel bro what's up man what's going on with you man yeah so businesses who am I as a business owner I always say my best business for last but I've been an entrepreneur ever since my first job out of college I won't even mention the company but I got fired from it and that was probably the best thing that ever happened to me because I hated the feeling of getting fired like I'd never been fired from anything in my life and to have somebody tell me that I can't work for them because of whatever reason I was like oh yeah I'm out like this is this is my the start of my entrepreneurial journey so that was my day of disgust as Jim Rohn often talks about where I was just like yeah I'm done I'm gonna figure out how to work for myself and I started off in the consulting world I later moved to the insurance industry and the network marketing industry built a very successful business and legal shield I've been with them for 20 years now so that's kind of cool to have that residual income but the dope part was as an entrepreneur and as somebody who had built something in the networking industry it freed up my time to do some other things that I wanted to do too so I started writing I'm a five-time Amazon best-selling author I'm an actor now as you mentioned earlier a Screen Actors Guild member been on several major network television shows and have movies on several different streaming platforms let me see what else I have an entertainment business a DJ I've been DJing since the 90s but I also do sound design for large conferences I already mentioned that I'm a professional development and personal development speaker I've spoken in front of crowds as large as 15,000 people but the number one job the number one thing that I've done for a lot of my life has been to be a parent to be a father to my two amazing daughters that are I can't even talk about them without getting choked up so I'm not going to say too much about my babies but they are amazing they are making great contributions to society one of them is an all-american athlete and she's a division one athlete right now the other one is the head of wardrobe for a major network television show and they are my reasons for being and raising them has been the most gratifying thing that I've ever done in my entire life so all the businesses and money and success aside have I had to trade all of those in just to parent them I would that is great I love to see brothers you know I don't want to say step up but it's important to just highlight the fact that I don't have any kids but when I see brothers that do their thing and get the enjoyment from being with and around their children it is very important it's not only the child that needs to father in their life for many fathers if they take the time to be a part of their child's life they'll understand that the father needs those children in their lives so that's just really great to see that in community brother in the dope part about it I just thought this little thing in like me and their mom split when my youngest was like five years old so you know to be able to co-parent with somebody in spite of the fact that we realized we were the right people in the wrong relationship and still say all right even though romantically we were not designed to be together but we still got these these little people that depend on us how are we gonna do it and you know since then she's she's married to an awesome guy you know my my children's stepdad is probably one of the most amazing people that I've ever met I really lucked up but to be able to to have a bonus parent even in there and get along with them and yeah I won't even say it's always been easy we could do a whole another show on co-parenting but but the business of co-parenting is a business as well and and I can say even even since my relationship with these ladies here with Tiffany being a parent that co-parents as well and just the conversations we've had on co-parenting that whole iron sharpens iron thing like I've learned a lot from these women in business but I've also learned a lot from Tiffany in the business of co-parenting and just conversation so the rewards of being part of this team there are certain certain areas of some of my businesses that have grown just because I got to sit in on these young ladies while they were teaching courses and they were talking about things that maybe I knew or had a brief understanding of but because it's their level of expertise I was able to pick up on some stuff in I was like shoot I mean I know I'm one of the professors but I'm gonna implement this too you know and this has been dope so yeah that's me and I love women I just genuinely love women and I love you know like April's non-profits and things of that nature what I'm realizing and you know we can talk about this off the show but what I'm realizing we do need to start some some mentoring programs or something for these young men because we got to get our brothers together our younger brothers together and you know I love all the programs for women that's great I'm gonna do a show about this too though but we do need to start getting some programs for young men too because some of them are just out here in a clueless and they have no direction and I think the young brothers especially if they're going to get into a relationship with women it'll help if young brothers get some kind of mentorship as well so that they can have prosperous business and personal relationships because they got themselves together so we'll talk about that Andrea who are you? Who am I? Wow that's a loaded question okay so I am an innovator I'm an ideator according to one of my clients and I looked that up and because I needed to know if it was a real word first and I was like okay I have I don't know if this is a real word but she kept saying you're such a great ideator and so I was like yeah I am an ideator I'm also an advocate an ambassador I am my client's biggest cheerleaders when I'm in the room and they are not in the room their voice is in the room they are being heard in the room they are being advocated for in the room and they are being connected in the room because of my propensity to connect people in a very profitable way I started using the moniker Andrea is the plug and immediately it called on people were like that's what you do yeah you plug people I also realized that some people don't know what that means some people don't know what the plug means and so I came up with an acronym for it because like April I like acronyms as well and so I use my relationships to powerfully leverage unique generators for people and so that's what the plug stands for P.L.U.G. Coach Mel likes that I've won okay great good good win for me I love the acronyms I love it I would also just like to say that I am the baby of the business group so to speak I've had the least amount of experience compared to my superstar colleagues here but what I've realized with that is prior to me becoming an entrepreneur I was in corporate America for a rather long time I was told to go to school and get a good job and that's what I did I went away to school Dillard University in New Orleans Katrina was Hurricane Katrina was my first experience with the real crisis of the large magnitude and when I came back home I just thought that I was supposed to get a really good job I ended up being in some managerial positions with car rental companies in the transportation industry working with the department of transportation working with the city of Chicago and even in that experience I realized that I was always managing people who were older than me I was always around people that were older than me and this went even back to as a child I was always around my grandmother and her friends and gleaning from them and so as I listened to my colleagues here who are still very young and have so much energy they have so much experience and I'm listening and I'm like okay I'm in the right crowd I'm in the right room because I want to be speaking to to rooms for the people over 15,000 like Coach Mayo you know I'm definitely looking to be an advocate like Coach April I'm actually dropped out of law school to start my business and so I have about a year and a half to finish and I do intend to go back because I do believe it will help me to further empower my clients and I definitely want to be financially free and money secure like Coach Tiffany and so I'm definitely in the right room and I think that our clients are also in the right room by connecting with us for and so that's who I am in a nutshell I am a mom of an amazing 10-year-old I think that being a mother of one child a single mother of one child has been my most challenging experience but it's also been my most rewarding experience I always like to tell people when we're doing the intake that they need to have a philanthropic give back what is their cause that they are connected to and I think in business we need to be motivated by more than just money because at times when it gets really really difficult the money won't be sufficient enough to motivate you and so having a legacy that I'm working very diligently to preserve and to build it helps me to stay focused and motivated when times get hard in entrepreneurship as it always will there will always be challenges and business but having the right mind and having money security and having the right team and having robust marketing all of that will help you get past the rough spots that is great I think a lot of people don't realize how smart you can be at a young age I was 25, 67 I forgot when I started my TV show I had a TV show on a broadcast network in my 20s so you know just because you're younger doesn't mean you don't know what you're doing you know a couple of these young ladies said that they start their businesses right out of high school you know I've been hustling hell when I was in high school I was selling candy you know I've been a business person literally I had this little bag this little blue bag I'll never forget it wasn't supposed to have no bags in classes and I ran around and I had this little blue bag and I had candy in the bag and before lunchtime you know people get hungry and I was making my little 50 cent when it was 50 cent I was making my little 50 cent off of the candy in the class so I was hustling you know I wasn't no drug dealer but I was hustling I was hustling candy I was slinging candy like sophomore year high school you know what I'm saying like you know so I think it's important that people realize that just because age success has no age there are a lot of millionaires that are young there are a lot of millionaires that did not go to college because I believe the college teaches you to get a job now I'm not saying that you shouldn't go to college if that's what you want that's fine and I don't think we're saying that if you have a career or if you're working for someone we're not going to do the Dame Dash thing if you're working for someone or working in someone else's business that's fine but it's also important to have your own business as well and you guys are not saying quit your job no you're saying add your job add your business add your business to your job if that's what you want and then hopefully after you go through these courses your business will be making more than your job and then you might have a decision to make then but for now it's okay to keep your job but learn how to be an entrepreneur or add more success to your business while you're at the job we have a mixture of both some of our students are full-time entrepreneurs already and we're helping them get to the next level as a matter of fact out of our inaugural class I think only maybe two of them still had jobs out of our inaugural class two or maybe three still work regular jobs but the overwhelming majority of them were full-time entrepreneurs so we have something for everybody for the people that are doing the side hustle thing and trying to get their business off the ground or get their business to the next level or eventually want to be full-time entrepreneurs we definitely have something for them but we also have something for the people that might feel they may be called to a particular area some people want to be teachers they want to be pastors they want to be whatever it is that they do in the world at their job and we don't want to take them away from that we just want to help them build an additional revenue stream and what we do as a matter of fact our big promise is we help small to mid-sized businesses powerfully shift their mindset master their money leverage their teens and stand out in the marketplace that's that's really what we do for businesses is there ackman from that oh god y'all just put that together it's one more time to happen I'm not happy about that don't act for them for that one don't act for them for that one and I think that people get we gotta load that ackman I think people get caught up in the whole notion of oh I gotta quit my job to go make a million dollars for me when I quit my job I've never been fired when I quit my job it was about peace it was about it was about autonomy it was about power it was about passion you know I got passed over for a promotion and I was done I was absolutely done in that moment and I took six months to plan but for me it was about you know similar to mail he said he never wants to wanted to be fired didn't like that feeling I didn't like that feeling of someone who was in a higher position than me saying that someone else was better than me and when I knew that that wasn't the case and so I just wanted the peace of being on my own I could care less if I made less on my own than I did working for someone else I just wanted to be free so for me when I'm encouraging entrepreneurs or encouraging people to become entrepreneurs for me it's about chasing your passion something makes your heart sing other than punching that clock and so why not spend some time chasing whatever makes you feel like that and the other thing is it's about being a servant leader you have something that you're good at some talent that the world needs no matter what it is somebody's waiting for you to share it so if you're not doing that because you're at a job and you're doing data entry or you're doing customer service and you absolutely hate getting up every morning and you call it the nine to five soul suck then it's the impetus is on you to do something different and that something different doesn't have to be full time but we're not meant to live the same day this isn't Groundhog Day we're not meant to live the same day over and over and over for 70 years and then call it a day we are meant to be creative individuals who are pursuing our passions who are chasing our visions every single day to feel fulfilled and to fulfill another human and by the way Tiffany probably has no idea what movie reference you just said because anytime we talk about a movie or a television show reference she has no clue what we're talking about there's always some shade there's always some shade the spike of shade I'm going to add that to be realistic I mean COVID had people really reevaluating their lives you know if you did not reevaluate your life during COVID I don't know if you were stuck under a rocker or you know what you know your life must just be fantastic but you know even if you lost a job or did not lose your job or did not lose your income you were still reevaluating your life and so if you did take that opportunity to reevaluate and make a decision on if you are doing your passion you know now would be that time and again that's how the quad coaches came about you know like April said or like Mel I was never fired from the job but I was laid off from my job you know I worked full-time as I was doing you know my businesses part-time and I had the same thing I'm going to work this job and eventually I'm going to quit and do my business at school time and you know God gave me a blessing in disguise and laid me off work and that was probably the most traumatic time because I absolutely had no idea what I was going to do I was laid off in a matter of I was given notice within a matter of 30 days and at that time I was divorced with two kids and you know that was my only income at the time and I was freaking out because I didn't know what I was going to do you know so it was either sink or swim and if you have ever had to be in that position where someone else make a decision on your livelihood that's when I make the decision that I'm going to take away the possibility of anyone ever being able to decide my livelihood again and from now from this point forward if I've messed up it's on myself it's on you I like that we're going to take another quick break but we will be back with more from the quiet coaches it's King B's Raw Fusion previously on Raw Fusion if you're having lots of sex who has time to argue there it goes it's coming out it is I mean if you're having good sex often what are we arguing about what are we going to argue about maybe to argue to have makeup sex if that's what floats your boat you know what I'm saying do what you gotta do make it work don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast wherever you get your podcasts Raw Fusion all right so um two things now um if you're not in the group go on your on facebook go to how to fire your boss and that's the acronym as well you want to tell them what that is or the F is for find your passion and that is Mel's topic mindset and then I is for invest in yourself and that is Tiffany's domain and then I have R which stands for research and then Andrea has evolved your brand and she gets them on the right track with being visible because like she likes to say you cannot do a business in silence bingo so how to fire your boss after party get in that group now what's even more important is you want to be a part of these courses where they're going to go through teaching you how to improve your business and then you have one-on-one access to the coaches as well which is really really important tell them how they can get into these courses well you can go to www.thequadcoaches.com you can also find us on facebook and the group how to fire your boss and we'd love to have you in our facebook community as well as in our business not as usual course so I heard my fellow coaches say that male's only been fired once Tiffany's only been laid off and April has never been fired because she quit and I thought about my own journey now I've been fired before more than one time more than one time I have quit I have been fired I have been laid off I have been I knew it fine I knew it that's why we gotta have you catch go find somewhere else to work so from McDonald's my first job to my last part-time job before I took the pool jumped to entrepreneurship I've learned a lot of transferable skills from those experiences what I will say is that I think this is a very good example but I try to give real life examples of my experiences so that people can relate to them I actually worked for one of the biggest and longest going productions here in Chicago at the McCormick place and that was my first opportunity to work for a black woman in business and she gave me a very important jewel at the time I was doing a multi-level marketing company and really knew I had something in me to where I could boss up a little more but didn't know how to do that being a child of college and while I was doing this multi-level marketing company she just pulled me to the side and said you know what you're giving this job that I gave you a lot but I know you're giving some of your skill set to another thing that you're pursuing and she said I want to know if it came to you making a decision to go to something for this job or something for that endeavor what decision would you make in my mind I knew that I would make the decision to go to the endeavor that I believed was serving me more so as a future business owner which was the MLM but I knew I had to tell her that I would choose to go to the endeavor that was connected to her job because she was paying me to do that and so I told her I said you know honestly I want to be a boss like you so I want to invest in my stuff but I also want to serve the role that I have here too and she said that's a great answer she said that you're actually on the road to becoming the business owner that I know you can become and so I think that we have to gather our transferable skills and look at how we can best position ourselves because the thing that I constantly thought about no matter how much these companies were giving me I got a company card that included gas and insurance I was making I guess about 35 dollars an hour and at my age in my mid 20s that was pretty good all of my people said you know you're winning you have a company car and you make you know 30 something an hour but even though I was grateful for that opportunity I knew that there was more and I would always ask myself how do I acquire real well and so all the people who were making 30 and up an hour they were let me see how to say that the correct way they were tied to that job in a way that required them to work 60 to 70 hours a week they left them little time for the things they enjoyed they left them little time for their family or to pursue any independent opportunities on their own and so I knew that I wanted a high salary but I didn't want that job to consume me and not give me enough in exchange for my labor and so I knew that the real way to acquire wealth was for me to have something that I built on my own and you're making more money now there you go bingo all right get yourself into that group it's very important they did a five day free courses which was interesting because I won and I had many they were giving away stuff every day I didn't win anything right so I'm in this group every single day people might think it's a hookup but it wasn't a hookup I was in that group every single day I didn't win nothing and then the last day I was there and I ended up winning the iPad mini the crazy part about that is is that because of that I hadn't started a whole another business that's what being around hustlers is like so I was fooling around we won our commission bro okay let me see what this we won our commission this is your commission right here I was just thinking of checks right off this is your commission right here I'm fooling around I'm like okay so I took a picture of my that I had and I'm doing it you know they had this thing called Procreate on there I'm new to the whole iPad thing I've been a staunch advocate for androids for my entire cell phone career and so oh lord yeah so then I started playing around with this thing and I'm drawing and you know you get the job paint whatever boo boo and so I said yeah that's pretty good so I put it up in the group guess what people now are commissioning me to do the same for them so bingo that's it's great you know so being around these people you're getting around other entrepreneurs that can partake of your services as well as you may be able to partake of theirs so not only are you getting coached but you are networking at the same time and I just think it's really worth it to be a part of it I wanted you guys to get a chance to meet these four talented entrepreneurs yeah they brothers and sisters but it's not just for any particular color anybody can come in the group anybody can come well that's about business can come into the group anybody can be a part of the courses so it's all inclusive you just learning from us and that's great well I'm not in it really but you know I feel like I am you know to mention something just really quick one of one of my most influential mentors of my life business mentors was a white man an older white man from Oklahoma I had never been on a private jet until I did some events and did some business ventures with him and one of my most successful students or mentees has been a white guy out of Wisconsin so you know we business has no racial well let me not say business has no racial barriers because that would be a lie in and of itself to a certain degree or extent we have been as people of color kept from some things or or have a harder time in some instances but when it comes to getting information I don't care if you're polka dot you know what I mean like if you have something that I can learn from you I want to learn it regardless of color because my favorite color is green and that's what I want the money so if you want the money you can come get it from us well not the money but the knowledge from us we're not gonna give you the money but we're gonna give you the knowledge and you're gonna make the money and you make the knowledge and knowledge is important so I'm throwing this out so for the course for the course we did some market research and so I interviewed 50 people and you know they all came to us from Facebook posts etc and what surprised me initially like when I interviewed the first 25 28 and I mentioned that to the coaches is that initially we were concerned okay you got four black coaches you're only gonna attack you're only going to attract black prospects but actually half of the people that I interviewed were not black they were Indian they were Puerto Rican they were Mexican they were white they were any other nationality that you can think of in every type of profession you could think of I had attorneys at Chefs I had you know all different kinds of people who wanted more information whose businesses were stuck especially because COVID caught so many people off guard and they were just looking to advance they could care less what color we were they were more interested in our expertise and so I was just gonna add that anybody who is on the fence about the course or just wants more information about what our sixth week intensive course covers it includes coaching it includes the community that we mentioned that the best way to get that information is to book a call and so once you join the group I'll put up a link for how you can book a call it's an interview basically just for you to tell us where you are and where you're trying to go and then we'll decide if it's a good fit or not so I call it the makeover it's a boss-up makeover so if you're ready to boss up your business you're ready to go to the next level you're ready to you know make less mistakes like Mill says and have some mentors then that is the best way to go about it to go ahead and book that call so I'll put that link in the group but first you gotta join the group in order to get access in that group is how to fire your boss after party that's on Facebook make sure you get in there you can also go to thequadcoachers.com and get directly into the courses go ahead book your call get it together because especially at this time this time you want to take advantage of what's going on everybody's talking about how bad COVID is but I've made more money since COVID sitting on my ass then I have before because I was running around and going here and there when they told quarantine okay I'm again I'm a little bit different so I had to find something to do open up an online store to start this podcast voiceover work which I can do from the house and it's crazy they got this thing they pat you in it's just like you're at the studio and now this little art thing I'm doing now so you can do it just because the world is going crazy doesn't mean you have to go crazy and you can be at home making more money than you probably did when you were running all over the place so take advantage of these courses and these four wonderful people who are going to help you enhance your business or get you started in business and we'll all see you in the winter circle I want to thank each one of you because I know you're busy with your own businesses and with the quiet coaches the quiet squad that's what I'm calling now that's what I've been calling us that that's what I call address my people there there you go but I really appreciate because you guys taking the time coming on the show and talking about what you're doing check them out how to fire your boss after party on facebook and quadcoaches.com thanks guys thank you thank you so much all right much appreciated thank you this was great it's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast now you know I wasn't going to get out of here while talking a little bit of shit it's time whatever's been holding you back and trying to get your business off the ground or taking it to the next level it is time great time right now to bounce back stronger and harder than ever don't let anyone take your dream away from you if you feel in your heart that you can do it then find the resources you need in order to get it done that's what's important stop crastinating if you need some help don't feel bad for reaching out and getting some help we all need some help sometimes I'm King B and this has been King B's Raw Fusion I'll let you next time Raw Fusion