Yep, we're back. This is season six, and what a season it's going to be. Let's get this thing kicked off, right? Let's go. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. What's up ladies and gentlemen. I'm King B. This is King B's Raw Fusion and this is season six. We've been working. We've been doing a lot. We've released four movies so far working on number five to be released on streaming. These films are doing very well. If you want to check out the films, you can either go, three of them are on 2B, which you can watch for free. The rest or all of them, the four of us out are on Plex as well. If you go on 2B and just type in my name King B, you can see those movies come up at the top of the list. The three of them, which are intimate friends, ROOST and Hate Love. All of them with King B and the front King B's Intimate Friends, etc. Also, you can go to the website, which is now there where you can find everything from the book to the last season of the podcast. Also, you can find links to the movies there as well. That is kingbworldwide.com. That's kingbworldwide.com. It's time for us to get into this conversation. It was really cool and we had it on Clubhouse. If you want to connect with us, we have a bunch of different things happening in our Clubhouse group. Club Raw Fusion on Clubhouse. If you have the app, if you don't, I encourage you to get it. Even if it's just to listen and join our club in our community right there on Clubhouse. As Club Raw Fusion right there on Clubhouse. Check out one of the conversations that we had between Dr. Obari Cartman, who has been on the show before in the last season. And Dr. Katherine Jackson, a mental health professional here from Chicago. Of course, you know I rock with that because I'm born and raised. Shotown, you know how we get out. Alright, let's check it out right here. This is the sixth season of King B's Raw Fusion. Let's go. Raw Fusion. Yo, this is Jimmy KingBee right here and welcome to Raw Fusion Live. Yes, and we have two dynamic guests who are going to have a conversation that is much needed from the male and female perspective. We're talking about relationships today and how do we heal our relationships. And that's not just about loving relationships or romantic relationships. There can be all kinds of relationships. I think there's a lot of tension going on between men and women today. So let's see what two wonderful mental health professionals doctors in their field have to say about this in a conversation. One representing women, one representing men, and both representing our togetherness. We have Dr. Obari Cartman who has been here on Raw Fusion before. If you haven't checked that out, make sure you go back in the archive of the podcast. You can check that out as well. And a newcomer to the Raw Fusion podcast. However, she has been working with us on the clubhouse app quite frequently. She basically holds a space and you get to hear her talk about different things, different things that pertain to mental health. She's an extremely dynamic speaker and very intelligent and very good in her field. And the cool thing about it is both of these people are from Chicago. So Chicago stand up. Why do you think there is so much tension between men and women today or seeming tension in our culture today? I want to respond quickly to the first thing you said, Brother King, about it being a seemingly tension moment, a seemingly tense moment. I think it's real. I think there's a spirit of division, of isolation, of the ugliness that it seems very pervasive right now that I think is infecting us. And I'm using language like disease like language because I think it's a real, I think it's an imposition. I believe that we in our natural state when uninterrupted, when left to our own sort of balance, we'll find a peace and find a camaraderie and compartmental, I mean, not compartmentalization, a compatibility between relationships, parents, children, romantic friendship, elderships. I mean, I think that there is there's a natural order in which when left alone, people will figure out a way to mend their differences or find common spaces where we learn to communicate. I think that's just a natural order of what it means to be a human, particularly African. I think that we have used our relationships to survive and to thrive and build immaculate wonderful things on the planet for a long time. And I think we're finding ourselves in a really tough moment where the forces against us, those beings, those institutions that are committed to our downfall have created a level of chaos and disorder and discord. And tension that I think that we really, I'm glad we're talking about today. I think we need to talk about it over and over again until we figure out how to get at the heat of this because it's tearing families apart, right? And if we're going to win anything, then we have to we have to mine and protect that institution, the family. And it had boy, boy, girl, girl, you know, whatever it is, like, it's just the community, the cohort of having a support system where we don't get so bent out of shape because we disagree about the vaccine or about whether or not Kanye West is crazy or whether or not whatever small thing comes up that makes me cut people out forever. Right. I mean, here people say that I am never going to talk to him again, because he said something I would agree with. And we and you know, you talk about your giving your grandfather, you will never talk to your grandfather again, because he on call you your gender pronoun because he slipped up a couple times like this. That's the moment we end where we are making permanent decisions based on emotional moments based on imposition to our well being through our psyches, our identities. And I think that there's a restoration required for us to be able to move forward. And to do anything of value that's going to be central to this relationship problem gets solved. So I'll start. I like that. It seems that you encompassed even maybe male male and male female or female female relationships as well. Maybe romantic or I heard you say parental or friendships. So I like that. That's Jay, you have something that you want to say to that. See, this is why I like going seconds because Dr. Carmen said a lot, you know, great things that I'll have to say a few things after that. But I'm going to speak more to the romantic relationships, no matter what the setup is, you know, whether it's male female female female or male male with romantic relationships. I think a lot and it might even be other relationships like family relationships, relationships with coworkers and on and on. But I believe a lot of romantic relationships. Why there seems to be so much division is because of what we see on TV. I think too much. There's too much influence from social media and too much influence from a lot of the reality shows that are seeping in some of the topics that I see out here on social media related to romantic relationships. They're they're just so laughable. Even the even the topics, just the topics themselves just have so much division within them. And I think that's part of what makes it hard to to heal the relationship sometimes just all these outside influences. If we think about prior to the times of having social media and so much TV, we didn't have that much influence in our relationships other than what we saw. Growing up in the home or what we saw in some other space in our lives. And then we decided which way we were going to go with our relationships. But now there seems like there's way too many influences on on romantic relationships and it can be confusing. You know, I really did say I was going to get out of this conversation, but you guys see really good things. So I'm, you know, I'm a host that you'll do this. So me personally, I get it, right? Because I'm of the elk that I'm not going to post a picture of somebody I'm dating or this that and the other. And some people think that's because you want to cheat and run around and do whatever you want to do. But to your point, a lot of times when other people get they funky ass noses in your business, they go to talk and they go to acting. They go to behaving in ways in your business that they have absolutely no fucking business doing that. And when you invite people into your relationship, especially people that you don't know. And basically the whole world, a lot of times that can contribute to the destruction of your relationship. Because they're spouting their opinions and they don't even know what flavor the cool lady is. You know what I'm saying? So I'm another elk. You never know who I'm really dating. I can laugh. I can joke. I can play. I can say whatever. But in reality, until I feel like I'm walking down the aisle, maybe I'll make a post. Quite frankly, that's between me and that person and God and family. But you know, I may make a post or something about it. And then that's the end of you being in my relationship. So I do agree with that point. I want to get you guys talking together. So before you move on to the next one, King, I'm just going to add a lot of times when you're posting to a lot of people are so judgmental. People are sending their representatives on social media, not the truth. A lot of times too. And the relationship truly is just between you and the other person. And of course you want, you know, if you respect or value the opinion of your loved ones, whether it's family or friends who are close to you, you want their influence to to a certain extent, because you still get the final say. But when when people are posting or even just getting getting influenced by social media, it comes off. It can come off a whole lot of different ways. And so many I'm just going to give the example from a female point of view where you say something and to your girlfriends and your girlfriends will be like, girl, I wouldn't take that. I would do it this way. And this and that. But then as soon as she's in that same position, she doesn't know that mess. She's found it out to you. None of that. Right. Right. Right. They go do none of that. And that's why, and I covered this in an earlier episode, so the Raw Fusion, the one where we had some in homes on there. So you guys can check it out. I do not believe ever in men going to men to talk about relationships advice anyway, and women going to women to talk about advice. I'm going to be a good friend. This is the opposite sex for them to give you a clearer perspective and understand by that. Reason being, I know if I talk to any of my homies about some of the things that I did with the relationship, first they're going to say, Hey, man, fuck. We're going to go to the club. We're going to get some, you know, we're going to get some women. We're going to do our thing. Let's turn up. And I know women do the same thing. And that can be more detrimental one to that can be something that you may do that night and it destroy your entire relationship. Right. Or you might not even know what those two people have gone through how much they mean to each other. And you just going trying to ride for your friend. But yet and still that person has an opportunity to have something that they really can cherish and love at some point. So I don't go to any of my my homies. I will talk to some of my homie lady friends and they can give me a female perspective. And that's to me. Equivalent to just going to the source. It's not really the source, but it's kind of like the source. Right. So what do you think about that doctor? This is such a complicated conversation for so many reasons. And I'll start with, like, I want to remove whatever expertise is attached to the doctor. Because people come and they think that I figured I figured a thing out. And there are things that I know and I spend a lot of time, you know, reading books and going to trainings and in therapy and doing therapy and going to spend a lot. So there is an expertise that I hold all of it falls apart in this topic. Right. And that because I don't know what to do or I can't give good advice or I haven't had good experiences or have some wisdom with relationships are such a relative thing. It's so there's so many particularities. So I don't I tend to avoid sort of any blank statements about relationships. So the idea that you won't go to your boy or don't go to the girl. It depends on the boy depends on the girl. It depends on which friend I got male friends that I would go to. I got male friends that I wouldn't go to. I got female friends I would go to. I got female friends I wouldn't go to. So it just so depends. And so the thing that I really encourage people to do in terms of seeking relationship relationship advice is to, you know, draw on a bunch of different sources. You know, you want to hear from a lot of different people if you stuck in a perspective and you feel like you're trying to solve a problem. You can't see it no other way. You might just need to share what you're dealing with and get it off your chest. But like this is really hard to get expert relationship advice. The experts oftentimes may or may not be in relationships themselves. They might not be in the kind of relationship that you want to be in. It might not serve you. And so like there's so many, there's so many subjective things in this conversation. I think it's really important that people find what makes sense for them. What makes for sense for you at a time might not make sense for you in five years. And so like everything is always changing and evolving just like people are. But then you add a whole other person in a commitment and then expectations and then ideologies. There's so many things that go into what works, what doesn't work. I had parents that were married. If I was my mother's friend, I would have told her to leave my father. But then I might have missed out on birthing my brother. Right. So then who am I to say? I saw that very, very often about this. Who am I to say? Who is anybody to say? Even your parents or even people in successful marriages. It's really hard to get relationship or give good relationship advice. You really just want to fit. I mean, there's there's so much of this that you just got to figure out on your own. You got to bump into some shit. You got to make mistakes. And as long as people are honest, this is our principles that I stand by. As long as people are honest and communicating as clearly as possible and making sure that they are collaborating on what they are deciding to do with each other, whatever arrangement you got, stick to that arrangement. If you want to change it and say that out loud and make some negotiations, don't keep people in the dark. Don't be manipulative. There's things that I say, do and don't do. But the way it looks, the number of people involved, the gender of it, the amount of times you see people would make sense for you or doesn't. It's so subjective and so dependent on context, cultural context, economic context, time of day. So many things change. What I would say makes sense in a moment. It's really hard to say, hey, come listen to Dr. Karman. Let me guide you to the right way. I can help you figure out what makes sense for you and I can hear you out. But to say this is it or just ain't it, it's really, really hard to do with this particular topic. I'm with you, Dr. Karman. You know, I can give advice. I can say what I think, but it really comes down to people's personal preference with what is right for their life. We can give advice all day, but removing that whole expert thing. Like you said, I'm with you. I'm joining you in that because it really comes down to what really works for you. And we can hear just like we can read, you and I can read a bunch of books, but then we're going to have our own clinical slant on whatever we do anyway. It might look one way when you do it and it might look another way when I do it. We could have read the exact same book. So people, when they hear different advice from everybody, they can just take pieces of it and then form whatever they want and take that and do what they want with it. The problem I think comes in when friends and family give advice on any relationship. You have to just be romantic and then you don't take it and then they get upset. And so that's where a lot of issues can come in where seeking some other support might be better for in a more unbiased way because friends, they do want to be with you. Love ones, they want to be on your side. And if you don't take their advice, I think sometimes they feel like you're not, you know, you're not listening to what they say. You don't value the advice that they gave you. So those are my thoughts. But yeah, this is a complicated topic. Thank you for this. Of course, that's what I do, complicated topics. And I am not a professional in that arena, but what I am is a professional host. And right now we have to take a break, pay some bills. We'll be right back with more Raw Fusion. We'll be right back with more Raw Fusion. We'll be right back with more Raw Fusion. It's a funky club to get on some funky dance floor. It's a dance with some funky man. I'm giving you one good reason why we shouldn't enjoy it, though. It could ruin our friendship. I think so. It doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with this. That has everything to do with this. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end. Should I not get intimate with my close friend? I'm gonna shave you. I already had a shave. Not where I'm gonna shave. Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. What's up, everybody? It's King B. And I want to tell you about my website, KingBeworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff, including links to my book, the movies, and even the podcast there as well. It's KingBeworldwide.com. See you there. Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up, ladies and gentlemen? We're back. This is Raw Fusion. We're back with Dr. Abari Cartman and Dr. Katherine Jackson, both mental health professionals that hail from my hometown, this wonderful city of Chicago, Illinois. We're talking about relationships today. And how can we heal our relationships? And that's the next thing I think I really want to get into. I mean, we've cited some problems and some reasons why some, if not most, relationships tend to fail. At this current state that we are in now, how do we begin to heal our relationships? How do we move forward and come together and restore the family structure if we're talking about romantic relationships? How do we do that moving forward? Dr. Jay, this time. Okay, I'll take this one first. I believe no matter what the relationship is, whether it's romantic, it's family, friends with your boss, coworkers, whatever relationship it is, I think we begin healing the relationships if there's some kind of rupture, some kind of conflict or discomfort by first working on ourselves or working on the relationship with yourself. Looking inward first instead of looking outward to blame somebody else or to put all the responsibility of whatever's going on on somebody else. Take time to look within and see what's going on with you that may have contributed to the riff. For an example, there's been no secret. I've worked at different practices that were primarily white and sometimes it would be some tension in those different relationships. Taking my own advice, I would look at myself and see what it is that I contribute to that. Sometimes I'm not as open and sharing in certain spaces. When I notice that, then I try a little harder, I try to get to know people we don't have to be buddy and hang out or anything. But for the sake of the work, for the organization and the job, just being a little bit more open so we can get things done together. I looked first inward and I recommend that with a lot of patients I work with to look first at what they can do because I can't control anybody else. If I'm having a conflict with Dr. Cartman, I can't control what he's going to do. I can control what I will do. I can make changes within myself to try to impact the relationship for the better. That's where I will start. I agree with that a thousand percent. Self-reflection, self-work, introspection, starting there. Because one of the things that you would discover once you get to know yourself better and get to know what works for you is a clear view of the kinds of relationships that you need to have with the kinds of people that you are in the world with. Everybody doesn't got to be boyfriend, girlfriend, or as Dr. Catherine says, buddy, buddy. You got to be co-workers and that's it. That's just the extent of the relationship that we're going to have. It has its own parameters. It has its own agreements. It has principles. We have to abide by. And if you get off, if you break some of those agreements, we got to deal with that. But the clarity of knowing that that's what we are first helps everything else from this. We're talking about communication. But if you don't know what you're communicating because you have not decided who you are and come into a relationship with a foundation, then there's no way to mend it because you don't even know what the thing is. So I'm a very strong component. People say you got to love yourself before you love other people. I believe in that. I think that before you can love yourself, you have to know yourself. And I speak to mostly men. And a lot of men are bad at this. We were bad at the alone time, the silence. We say women are bad at that. We say women are clingy and needy. But it's really us that can't sit still in alone for a long time. We have a hard time looking at ourselves honestly and holding ourselves accountable and just breathing. I know there was a long time in my life and I had to have my own roller-dexes. So I had my heart broken. I would sit in it and deal with the pain and look at what caused it. I would just jump right to trying to distract myself with other people, other women, other things and anything to keep me from being alone with myself. But it's in those moments when I was forced to do that that I really got to see who I was and I got to learn what I am, what my values are, what my principles are. And from that position, I'm much better able to find a partner that's compatible. And that's the thing that's really important for me in relationships, compatibility. Every relationship don't need to be mended. It might not be a problem of personality or time and communication. Y'all might not just be a good fit. And I know for me, Dr. Jay mentioned being in the office with a white people doing therapy, that wouldn't fit me. There's no therapy that coax me into having a better relationship in an environment that doesn't feel like its own mission with what I was designed to do on a planet. And so because I spent time figuring that out, I won't even move in that direction. I'm not even going to waste my time trying to fit a thing that don't make sense. But I can only do that after spending time discovering who I am first. And so part of the self-work is making sure you're aware of your emotional state and learn how to maneuver the world as an individual. But the next level of that is self-awareness, self-knowledge. Know that's not for real. And then from that position, you can move much more clearly and then make arrangements that make sense for you and whoever else you're arranging that with. I love that alignment that you got. And you got it first, Dr. Cartman, from that self-reflection, a self-assessment where you know like working in a PWI space is not going to, it doesn't work for you. I'm going to be honest, I don't think it works for many of us, but I'm going to stay on this relationship topic. And I'm not even going to talk about what the future holds for myself, even with that kind of thing. If you need to get rescued out of there, let me know. We need to talk offline. I'm going to blink five times. If you guys, and I don't know if you guys see like couples, and if you guys do, or if you guys would be presented with that, what would be the first thing that you would look at in order to try to assess the problems within a relationship? I think it really depends on the couple. I do see couples, and I do work with families as well as individuals, but I think it really depends on what they're coming in with, but if I had to pick something just kind of like generally without kind of focusing in on one case at a time, I would say taking responsibility because a lot of couples come in and they're all blaming the other person. It's all his fault. No, it's all her fault, you know, or whatever. But if you take responsibility for whatever has happened that is on you and then let the other person take responsibility for theirs, I think that makes the communication part and trying to rebuild it. Build it or rebuild it, I think it makes it a little bit smoother if I can just pick one basic thing, but it really depends on the couple, what they're coming in with, what their issue is, what their communication style is, all the dynamics of the relationship and so on and so forth. It really changes what I would really start with. Owning your shit, you know, that's how we call it. You know, Raw Fusion, we get out. Owning your shit, you know what I'm saying? And the truth of the matter is I see that even in, for me, that's a tenement to what I do in business. I own my shit. If I fucked up, I fucked up because that gives the power back to me. If I'm always saying, well, you know, the man is messing this up and, you know, I couldn't see. That's giving the power to someone else. And I'm a big proponent of owning my own power. So when I messed up and I put myself in this situation, I need to own that situation and then see how I can get out of that situation if it's possible. And that comes from first owning my own shit. And so that's why I work really hard to think through things, to analyze things before I move sometimes, because I'm going to have to hold myself accountable if I make the wrong move. And there's no one else for me to blame. I fucked up. So that gives the power back to me. And so if I fucked it up nine times out of ten, I could find the right way to buy it. But blaming everybody else, that gives the power to them. And that says that they had control over you and that without them, you don't exist. So owning your own shit is one of the biggest things on my list when you are trying to make significant changes in your life. So I definitely wasn't able to. And King, and I am interested in what Dr. Cartman will say too, but if you don't own it, then you can't work on it either. You have to first own it before you can work on it. What are you working on if you don't take responsibility for something? What is there to work on? Okay, so Dr. J is not going to curse me. I'm probably going to curse more than anyone else. Dr. Cartman might slip one in here, one in out there, but yeah, so she's going to say it the nice way and I'm going to say it the right way. Well, how we say it. And in the end, people will hear it one of the ways. So there you go. Exactly, exactly. Dr. Cartman. I like the question, what do you assess? I do see, I see more families and couples. I often avoid the couples. For a long time, I didn't feel qualified to see couples. I'm not married. I've got two big mamas. I'm in a relationship now and it's beautiful, but I don't know. Somebody called me and they married the problems and I don't have the life experience to say, but yeah, I know what you mean. And I like to do therapy from that position. I'm very personal and transparent in my work. So that's why I like to work with men, particularly young men, because I can be like, I was there and I know what that means. So I used to say, no, when people approached me for a couple of therapy, but when I do families and when I do individual work and a couple of stuff comes up, the thing that I like to assess often, and I'm doing it from the position of the men more often, is this is the quality of like desire to be in a relationship. Like, what do you really want? Want this? I think want is very powerful force in the universe. In terms of motivation and anchoring, why do we do things that we do? And when people find themselves in relationships and they're doing them, they just go through the motions, or they're in it because they think they're supposed to be in it, or they feel like it's a social sort of advantage, or some transactional capitalist kind of like, I get this and so if I lose this and I'm afraid of being along, like there's lots of things that people use as motivations to get in and stay in. But underneath that, there's a level of like, do you really want to be here? And do you want to be here in a specific relationship? Do you want to be in a relationship period? Do you want to be in a monogamous relationship? Like, do you really want this? Because if you don't, then you will self-sabotage the whole thing. Like there's nothing that can make you do a thing that you, at the core of you, don't want to do. It's much more difficult from there. And so now we're talking willpower, now we're talking desire, we're talking about different kind of stuff. And I think that assessing that, particularly from a male's point of view, helps me now say, okay, you want this, now I can build on top of that. And if you don't want it, then we might need to think about something else. And it's fine, no judgment, right? Like there's no right, wrong to any of this stuff. But if people are living the life that they really want and are truly fulfilled and have joy and peace and all that kind of stuff, then you're not just going through the motions. Then it's much easier to build off that kind of a place. And so I start there, you want to be here? And if you do, then let's do the work on that. Honesty, like just be honest. Do you even want this or have something change? I like that. What about people who deep down inside really want it, but they're too, they're acting too tough to get to that part of themselves that says, yo, I really actually want this. I just don't know how to get it. So one is acting too tough. If you act in the unite, being honest is Dr. Jason. And that's part of the role of creating a safe space letting people know there's no judgment. Like for real, in the quiet of the night, what do you want for real? And when you're looking at yourself, you're just butt naked in the mirror. What do you want at its core? Anytime you're talking about pretending, you can't do good therapy when people are posturing and being too tough. You can't even do it. So it's helping people be that honest. And it's hard to do it. It's hard to be that kind of honest. I think the therapy is good for that. Oh, really? I got company. And when to build on what Dr. Cartman said, if you are trying to act tough and you're sent in a representative, it might be better to do individual work first before you can come together and do the couple's work. Because there's some things that are unhealed or something there that is in the way before you can even go deep into the work of couples. Because you got to get your crap out of it first. You got to kind of do that. If not, it's just going to keep spilling over. It's going to keep coming up. And it'll be something that sabotages the work, the couple's work. Interesting. In our day-to-day, in our communities, we found that there is a very big disconnect now between men and women. There are a lot of women's groups which are cool. There aren't that many men's groups, but it's starting to rise. How do we get past all of that and get ourselves on the same page with each other? Again, not just necessarily romantic relationships, but our relationships in general, how we perceive one another, how we are the women and how we, me personally, I still open doors for women until they just walk past me like I did nothing. They don't say anything. They don't, okay, well, that's the last time you get in the door for you. And there's that thing, right? Even in that, how do we get our communities back to where we're just more kind to one another with our male-female relationships? Outside of it. We need more men circles. We need more men to initiate these kinds of conversations to be open and honest. I wouldn't even say vulnerable. It's part of being vulnerable. It's more about being honest. And then finding what are those principles that we as men need to stand on and teach that to younger men. And we're doing it against opposition. Men are socialized in a world where other people have so much power over creating the desire and the taste of shaping what beautiful is and what successful is. And none of that is good for building strong black families. There's an interracial movement that's happening. There's so many other things that are keeping black men from saying what it means for me to be a strong, powerful, successful black man is to be committed and honor a woman and marry that woman and have beautiful black babies and commit the work of that relationship of building the liberation struggle for black people. It's a political thing for me. It's a power thing for me. That was shaped in me. I had examples of families in my world that showed me what that looked like. I still have in my mind, I said earlier I'm not married and still I have in my mind being married is the epitome of what a grown man does. I mean a younger man might be 20 and he married with kids but he'll be a grown man for real. And I mean that. That's how I define the principle and standard of being a grown man includes being married includes being an honorable citizen in your community by anchoring yourself to a partnership that is the center of what a family is. We can teach that if we decide to sit down with the brothers. If we go into the high schools if we go into the detention centers and create these rights of passage programs that are still a value system to say I hear what you say listening to music and I hear the bitches in the hose and I see the plan with women as a cool thing. I know I got boys, they six, they nine he would come up to them with a little player a little pimp, a little lady killer and I gotta stop that. I gotta be like, don't talk to him like that. Don't address my son like that. People are building the building blocks while he ain't doing nothing but playing Legos and eating Pop Tarts but still getting infused with this sense that what it means to be a real man to be a tough man, to be a strong man includes collecting women, discarding them and not seeing them as valuable not even equals, but like it's worthy and so it's beyond the superficial don't hit them or open the doors I would argue, I'll push back on you a little bit I open a door I treat women a certain way I move in a way regardless of their response if they appreciate it or don't appreciate it I do it because that's who I am whether you see me or not, whether I get credit for it or not I have to hold myself to a certain standard of what a man does regardless of whether or not somebody thanks me for that thing and that's a principle that I can teach if I create the space where young men are paying attention and we get coaches involved and we get high school, we can teach this in the same way that women are taught in their play, it's not happened as much but it used to happen when I was a kid, girls were playing like dress up and they were getting married and they had the visions for what a marriage looks like and they were encouraged to be in partnerships it was in the church it was in the school, it was in the home act, it was in the culture that women were being groomed to be a good partner and men would talk the opposite and then when you get 30, 40, 50, you're like I don't want to be lonely no more, I need to mature and grow up now it's too late and no one taught you the skill sets to being compromising and communicating and being in a partnership, we were telling you to play your whole life, that whole cultural shift is a man's responsibility, it's men's collective responsibility we had to do that, we had to do it with emergency. I actually agree with that and I say that all the time men and women are different we're not equal, we're different, as much as you grab a hold of my chest milk will never come out of it I will never have a baby, we're not equal, women can do things that men can't do and men can do things that women do however, so when you grow up, you don't tell the little girl, oh you gonna have all the boys after you you gonna get so many boys, you gonna be saying because essentially that's sad, she's gonna be a hoe but it's okay it's not okay but we think it's okay or society as a whole thinks it's okay to say okay you gonna have all the girls all you gonna get so much, you know what I'm saying and that's not cool either because essentially you're saying that he's gonna be a hoe so I mean I really resonate with that the other thing you was pushing back on maybe I can see that as a good thing I ain't there yet in my own personal journey in my walk with God, I ain't there yet but maybe I'll get there that's what I like being open being open to different things he shared how it went down for him and then you might consider that, you might kick it around you might decide to pick it up because everybody gets to write their own stories with different things but to answer your first question or that last question I you said something earlier too and it was my things that I feel like we all need to stand our own lanes I think there's too much crossing over of roles and some men being women women being men and everybody being on each other's roles we talk about trying to heal it trying to come together and everything and it's neither role should be less than the other it's just that everybody should keep different roles now I know for some groups, especially for black women some roles have been put on us and we've had to take on different roles not that we want to but we were talking about opening the door and all that kind of stuff I just feel like there are some people who are trying to take on more masculine qualities and some guys who are probably trying to take on more feminine qualities and everything and I don't know where we got lost in that mix, I hope that makes sense it made sense in the beginning in my head it does and that's great it's a great place to take a break we've got to pay some bills but we'll be right back with more King B's Royal Fuchsia after this behind many smiles lie a troubling truth so many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness the road to mental health has no color it has no age or gender it's time we take the bull by the horns remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prison and give them the help that they need it could be your relative your friend, your loved one it could be you and you don't even know it it's time to help those in need but help starts with you with an acclaimed broadcast television an independent filmmaker at the helm we are creating a documentary this documentary will identify the signs explore the possibilities help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health by donating you will help us help others from $1 to $1,000 no donations too small let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all please donate today you can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash Mental Don't Move and I want to tell you about my website www.kingbworldwide.com that's www.kingbworldwide.com there you can find all sorts of stuff including links to my book the movies and even the podcast there as well it's www.kingbworldwide.com see you there Raw Fusion we're back more with Dr. Catherine Jackson and Dr. Barry Cartman right here at Raw Fusion we are doing this live in the clubhouse space in the club Raw Fusion on clubhouse and if you are a part of clubhouse go ahead and find us and join the club where also this is where you can find the GoFundMe page as well if you missed it through any of these commercials or whatever you'll be able to donate and actually be able to meet and check me out that's cool. So just to let you guys know that this actually is live I would like everyone that's on stage right now to mute, say something, say what's up you know say make some noise Hi What's up What's up What's up That's what's up I appreciate it we have some wonderful people here at club Raw Fusion so make sure if you're on clubhouse or if you're not and find us at club Raw Fusion so back to the conversation and what I like to do is actually open it up for a couple of our members from the this on stage right now to ask a question of these two wonderful doctors Tiffany you had a question Yes my question is how do you feel about generational trauma or experience how that influences one's relationship and whether or not they should maybe examine or reflect on that and their intimate relationships Great question, who wants to tackle that one I'll go there, I'll start there I think it's a really really important question looking at the generational patterns and families sort of assessing that as a part of people's wherewithal about how to be in relationships I think what we think of the shoulds and the right and wrongs are shaped by what we saw or what we didn't see so in the absence of healthy relationships some people are trying to figure it out on their own trying to create something from scratch but the harm that we have experienced from the last seven generations of being in this country has been full of trauma so there's no way to discount the ways in which our ability to maintain families and to have power within family structure and to navigate being black and American and to sit in a place that does not have your best interest in heart has impacted our ability to do this very well because of that I think it's important to have a lot of compassion and patience and give each other grace because we've all been harmed in some way we've all been damaged in some way we also also all have a lot of resilience and a lot of love despite all the things that happen I think it's important to look at that for every person, every family, every couple there's a lot of that dynamics that I think going through your family history going through those archives, asking the stories of our elders about what worked and what didn't work and then collecting those things and every generation being responsible for building on that and saying I don't want to repeat the mistakes like I want my sons to be better and smarter and have improved relationships and everything than me and I want them to learn from me I document a lot of my mistakes in my book I talked a lot about the things that I learned from my father the things I learned from my parents the things I wished we talked about when my father was alive and I do that so that when my children are my age and younger even when they're developing their idea about masculinity and relationships that they can draw on the best of what I learned from my parents and then teach the best of that from what they extract to their children and that's what I think evolution is about just deliberate excavating those things that we want to keep from our parents and deliberately throwing away those things we want to discard things we never want to see again I think that's an intentional purposeful process and I think that everybody has a responsibility to do that if we're connected to the elevation and the upward mobility of families and communities and before Dr. J you jump on that I want to plug that book what's the name of the book Ladies Man Apostrophe S Conversations with Young Black Men and Relationships and Manhood I wrote it at the time I was in a book club who was at Hill Harper had a book about conversation I'm in book clubs and I'm the only man around there's no men processing this stuff no one talking about men are talking about how to be better partners a part of this because there's no guide for it even when men write books and so I just said I need to do something different to add something to the conversation that comes from my experience on the book cover you see me with five beautiful women around me and they're my sisters and you would know it until you flipped the book over and I talk about my responsibility to them me belonging to them and the shift and how I had to unlearn what I was taught which is that women belong to me and sort of that revolutionized the way I moved in the world and the ways that I wanted to share with other young men in particular where can we find that book my website www.doctorobaricartman.com it's the best place to get it and Dr. J has some products as well including some cards before you move back on to the question let everybody know sure but before I move on Dr. Cartman you may want to spell Obari just to make sure that everybody got it and they're going to your website Obari C-A-R-T-M-A-N that's me thanks it's not a common name so we just want to make sure they get to the right place I appreciate that I do I have a book I have three books actually that all came out in 2021 my baby in my first book that I wrote on my own is the couch experience a guide to good therapy and the book takes people through the whole process of therapy from beginning to end where to look, questions to ask yourself before and to ask the therapist before all the way to the end with terminating therapy and to enrich that experience once you get connected with the therapist and you're working through your weekly sessions I have other products that go along with the experience you can use them alone or with in conjunction with the book you can use them especially nowadays while you're waiting for a therapist to kind of explore some things and so it will make it even easier once you get linked up to a therapist or you can use it to maintain your wellness after being done with the therapist so I made them extremely versatile people will use them with the therapist before you see a therapist or even after you're done with your therapist so that's me and they can find all of that at my website which is my name Dr. DR Catherine with a C C-A-T-H-E-R-I-N-E Jackson.com I'm kind of forgetting the question now King after all these promos Well we got it, we got it, we got to get the promos and Tiffany if you want to read we asked the question to Dr. Jay that would be great Basically I was asking how important is it for one to really reflect and review their family history of relationship models and how that affects the relationship, trauma and all those things I think it's really important sometimes we have to go backward to see the influences of what we got learned, what we're applying so that we can do one or two things either we're going to decide that we want to keep that or we decide we don't want it or we want to change it in some kind of way so one of three things some things in our childhood or our history we may want to keep, it may work well it's been passed down and it's something that works some things we might need to get rid of it might have served past generations but it no longer serves you as you go forward in your life and then some things just need to be dumped all together and we might need to scrap it and just start all the way over but once we explored that the generational patterns then you can decide which way you want to go I also like going backward to back to the past back into the generations back into the family history it helps me as a black psychologist to be able to decolonize a lot of things like what Dr. Carmen was saying I say this almost every every platform, every speech every talk or whatever the traditional therapy that we learn and apply to patients if we just took it the way that it was it wasn't made by us and it wasn't made for us and so we have to decolonize a lot of that stuff and decolonize a lot of the thinking that has been passed down through the years like Dr. was saying just being black in America has its own level of trauma and we all have some form of it just the way things have gone here so going backward helps to identify those kind of patterns and it's a good way to start to decolonize some of the things and look for strengths and find the strengths back there too so I'm going to be quiet so I don't drone on. No that's great, that's great thank you Tiffany for that question and before we move on to the next question I want to say thank you to Daryl Wetledge for his $50 donation and also to the anonymous donor of $20 I want to thank you guys for donating to the GoFundMe campaign for mental the movie and also if you go on to be type in King B two of my movies should come right up there in the front and you can check out some of my previous work as well so yeah thank you guys and if you're listening you can go to gofundme.com slash mental the movie let's gofundme.com slash mental the movie and you can get more information of what we're going to be doing with the movie mental and also leave a donation as well so small donations as well as large all get us to that goal of making this movie and putting this thing on a big screen and helping many many more people Kay you had a question Yes I have a question so from my observation and experience a lot of people into relationships with a tit for tat mentality if she treats me this way then I'll treat her that way do you consider a tit for tat mentality to be a toxic trait and if so what can couples do to end the tit for tat cycle and on the other hand if you think it's a healthy trait please elaborate on why let's go parts to it parts a part b I will start with well I wouldn't say toxic like it makes sense in a American capital where we're taught to be competitive even at home private intimate spaces I don't think it's healthy though I think that the desire the impetus to try to win all the time makes it so that nobody wins in a relationship there's a unit analysis there's a way of being that's not if it's done well you're not talking about your individual self success winning and losing as a person you're talking about creating a unit where you're both attempting to do this thing this magical sort of mystical scientific thing where you're creating two into one turning the possibilities of a synergy and creating something that you haven't even imagined before and when we're in sync in that way and when we're both winning there's no decision there's no room for domination there's no room for subjugation we are all on the same page moving in unison to both sort of win if you will and so the tit for tat gets in the way of that I think the tit for tat makes it there's a pettiness about it there's a nitpickiness about it someone can do something that you don't like and I think it's much more healthy to just say you can do this way and to not want them to feel that way themselves but to want to elevate that feeling and teach them how to do it better the next time and when you keep doing that and if people don't get it then you're in a relationship that maybe don't need to work but if a partner hears you say I like the way you do that can you do this different I don't like the way that makes me feel and then they say okay you right my bad I don't want you to feel that way either in a relationship that's trying to get somebody back you want to get somebody forward you want to move them and if people are both doing that together then there's no heights that you can't reach I don't have a lot more to add to what Dr. Karpman said because he said it pretty perfectly but I don't find it to be a healthy trait because you're working against each other and not together with that and anytime your like conflictual and eagles are involved or you're in competition with your partner that's never going to be a good thing but I can't add more to make it better to what or to just to add to what he said because that was a pretty complete way of saying it and I totally agree I also wouldn't call it toxic I feel like the word toxic is being overused so much lately that is hard to say what is truly toxic anymore because people apply it to everything okay thank you for that question I would say this I'm bad at that because I'm super major petty right but that can also be in the beginning once I'm starting to move towards and I see that we are moving towards something then I'm adopting more of what the what the doctor and Dr. J for that matter has said because it becomes an us and a we instead of a me and a you if again I'm walking and I don't know you if you're not open the door that's cool you got one but you know what I'm saying but I think it's also maybe a less conversational way of telling someone how you expect to be treated as well I think there's something to be said about and then maybe it's not a tip for that either right what if it's okay I extended myself to you you essentially rejected it or did not for it or didn't honor it or whatever you want to you want to use now that part of me is dead and I don't care anymore I think that a lot of times people don't understand that when you keep beating up your partner I'm going to use that specifically your partner is trying to you know build with you try to make something happen and you just keep beating up on that at some point that partner is not naturally going to change their feelings towards you if you keep doing stuff that you know like you said if you say listen I don't like the way you did that I don't like the way you said that whatever it makes me feel this way and they completely ignore that and continue doing whatever whatever whatever whatever I think at some point at some point your feelings start to change in that regard and so your behavior changes when your feelings change um and I think that what do you guys say to that type of thing now you describe in a relationship that you should get out of that's not a tip for time that somebody don't appreciate you and you should leave but you ain't got to get them back like to get them back like get them back forward now you spending your energy and restoring and being more healthy now you wasting your time giving that power you described it very clearly earlier you giving your power away when you focus your attention on retribution and revenge it's not even worth it move on create a boundary turn around keep moving like to get them back then we ain't got time for that yeah it's not worth it and even what Dr. Cartman said earlier just truly knowing who you are he said he would open the door and that's just who he is period rather somebody says thank you rather you know on and on but if you if you're like at odds with somebody I think it starts to change your own demeanor and that is a relationship where you want to get out because now you're not even being yourself anymore like you look in the mirror and you probably don't even really recognize you as much as you are in opposition with this person and it's just a relationship that no longer serves you at that point it's just not even the energy and that's why I'm still single alright I wanted to make sure that we reiterate that we are raising funds for this movie mental go check out the GoFundMe at the top of the page and please give a donation it helps and every bit helps to get this movie done it is one that I will be directing and if you need to see some of my other films you can check on my PTR and see some of the films that I've done previously and that's me acting that doesn't mean I'm a mob hit man or anything so you don't have to worry it still is a safe space and everybody's cool here well we want to thank and fantastic and I know it would be because we got two really, really intelligent and great doctors who are in the mental health space and from my hometown the city of Chicago I want to thank both of you guys for coming on the show make sure you also go to DrAbariCartman.com that's right there's a doctor on there make sure you get over there and check out his book and then go to DrCatherineJackson.com and check out her book as well I want to thank both of you guys you guys are really I've said this before at least to DrCartman I know I've said that to him but I'm saying it also to you DrJ people who are out there doing the work and actively helping people you know I know a lot of people that are called celebrities and I really don't call them celebrities I mean I know what they've done but to me they're just people and sometimes not all especially not the people who've been on my show but well some of them most of them aren't like that but some can be very self-serving and they don't care about other people but people who actually go out there and do the work every day to help make other people's lives better to me those are the celebrities and so I am proud to have two celebrities right here on the stage with me today and on the show DrBarbie Cartman and DrCatherineJackson thank you guys for being on Raw Fusion appreciate it she man thanks for having me for sure for sure for sure shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast brought to you by King B's Hate Love now streaming for free on 2B yes it's still here it's still happening and we still talk some shit men and women we need each other that's just plain and simple you can get wrapped up and involved with conversations with people who are hurt and they will come up with all kinds of reasons why you don't need a man or you don't need a woman and that's just complete nonsense and people acting out of temper tantrums and not doing the work to resolve issues within their own life when it comes down to it we're better together than we are apart and the sooner we learn how to deal with each other the sooner we have these conversations the sooner we get down to the real of all of this the quicker we're going to be able to heal and with healing should come some understanding and with some understanding better relationships I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion Raw Fusion