You have on surety because the PPP loan gone and you end up with joint custody. We're all fusion. Your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins sit on back and enjoy yourself I'll be your company, baby if you need a little help us to go for a while to revise the plan Got my focus on so I can check out the scam and open up my team eliminate the fake And when you got me a beat from Bobby Drake, and now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw but enough talk Let's get wrong a typical night at the club. Let's get wrong. You don't want to fall in love Let's get wrong. You got the fusion in your blood. Let's get wrong. And to my ladies in my thoughts. Let's get wrong. And to the haters on the scene. Let's get wrong. Don't be mad cause we got green. Let's get wrong. This shit we trying to make the team. Let's get wrong. Cause we taking everything. Let's get wrong. Raw Fusion. Hey, it is super producer Lisa in you know what time it is right now. That's right. It's time for Raw Fusion. With the one and only wonderful host my man King B. Yo, some ladies and gentlemen, King B right here. You know how it goes down. This is King B's Raw Fusion. And we've been covering or inviting a bunch of really cool people on the show. Some filmmakers in the game. Y'all know what I do, but it's important. And as soon as you're talking about it, I just choose to be about it. Bringing, building and supporting other filmmakers. I think it's very important, especially in independent games. So today will be no different. And this time we have someone who is actually kind of on the same kind of mission supporting other filmmakers. He is a filmmaker. His name is Devon Bray. You might have seen some of his work on Tubi. We're going to talk about that in a minute. But what's up brother? How you feeling? What's up man? I'm feeling good. It's all good. It's all good. What are you from, brother? I'm from Wichita, Kansas, man, in the middle of the map. Kansas. You did? Yeah. You did? I'm from the shot. So, you know what I'm saying? Man with you. You ain't too far away. Got to show that Midwest love. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. And what's so crazy is my wife, she got a lot of family. That's where most of her people was from, where Chicago. I've only been there one time since I've been with my wife, but definitely I love it, bro. First time I went, it was amazing. Oh, man, you know how it goes there. You know, you got to come back, man. Matter of fact, you should shoot a movie here. I know, I know. You ain't ever been to the ancient bath spot here. You know, the one that they had at John Wick, he went into like a bath spot. I think it's part two, killing people in the bath spot. Yeah, it's like different pools, but it got like the ancient look and it's real dark. It's like a massage spot, bro. Yeah, a lot of people in Chicago ain't even been there. So, if you want to take the coming out, it's called the ancient bath spot, bro. It's an experience. The ancient bath spot. All right. So, you telling me stuff over here? No. I do my TikTok research before I go somewhere. I heard that. I don't do to me bath spots, but there's definitely something to it. So, I might have to check that out. Yes, sir. I wanted to have you on the podcast for a lot of reasons, not just because of the films, but the reason that you are actively helping other people who are on Tubi promote their films as well. I think that's very important and very selfless in a lot of ways. But let's get into it. You had a movie called PPP, Lone Gone, all right? And you have a movie currently streaming right now that just dropped not too long ago on Tubi. What's the name of that one? Joint custody. First, let's start here. What made you want to start filmmaking? Well, bro, it started with just not ever stopping and elevating and increasing your value. So, it started with me and my pops shooting music videos for the city. You know what I'm saying? And just shooting over 900 music videos with my pops and then doing weddings, photography. And so over the years, you know, after you just keep doing it and keep doing it, you like, OK, well, I ain't going to get rich doing this. You know, I'm not going to be able to make millions shooting music videos. So it was like what's next? And then we was like, OK, in order to get in his. I think this was like what? 2016, we started shooting short film shot about 20 episodes short. You know, just practicing going to some film festivals and, you know, going that route, you know, winning some stuff like this. But then we was like, at one point, we were about to shoot a short film called Pearl, it's on Tubi, Amazon. So these are like our first two movies. Somebody else wrote it. Everything that we do now is all us. We write it. But the only thing somebody ever really did for us was write the first two movies, and that was our introduction into moviemaking. You know what I'm saying? But Pearl, it was a short film. But then we were like, no, we got to shoot a movie. We tired of, you know, you ain't making no money from short films. I think we got it. We shot 20 of them. So we was like, look, make a movie. And ever since made that movie, 2018, it just hasn't stopped. And it was just an increase of value, bro. So we got here because we just didn't stop. We stay consistent. Most people, they stop and shoot music videos. And that's it. You know what I'm saying? It's some people right, right, right. The boy like lyrical lemonade, he killing the music video game. But at some point, even on that level, it's going to get like, man, I need to do something different, you know, you ain't going to keep shooting people videos. So even him, if he shot movies and put them on to me, I mean, you know, how much he had killed all the artists he got connected to. So it's really just a thing of you got to have a bigger vision. It got to be more than just you were from a city where this is like, it's not even possible. It's only like 10 percent black people in Canada. So 10 or 11 percent is not a lot of us. But that's why so what even what we doing is like a miracle. We the only ones in our state that did this. The only person that came out of the Kansas, I think it's Gordon Parks. He created the original shaft. Gordon Parks, legend, legend. Legendary photographer first. And then and then moved over and into filmmaking. And like you said, he did shaft, the real one. He had a real one. I actually met Shaft, Richard Stedman Graham, athletes against drugs. And he was a part of that. Him and Fred, the hammer hung out and then we really cool brothers. Shout out to them. Definitely. But yeah. So you actually started out music videos. Now, my favorite director in Hollywood is F. Gary Gray, who also started out as a music video director. Right. So I get it. That's that's dope. That's a very dope situation. It's not just that. And here's the problem because I've had some filmmakers and I kind of agree and I kind of don't. I like the fact that it's more accessible because when I started out the game, there were no DSLRs, there were no HD. We had none of that shit. Right. You know what I mean? And now people can literally just do it on their iPhone and actually make it look pretty good. So I like the accessibility of it. The problem becomes is that now everybody and their mama think they're a filmmaker. So it's it's and they come out trying to get the bag is to learn kind of direct films. Right. I like the fact you said you did over 900 music videos before you even thought about doing a feature. So what do you think about that situation with being so accessible? Do you think that people are paying attention to the the story making aspect of it? Or they just in it for the bag? Man, it's really hard to tell because some people really be like think about it. Some people are just now starting today or they're just now starting like last year or something. So they stuff, probably not. You know, but but it depends because it's somebody that just started filmmaking, but they got some money. And so they were they were to pay for the right pay for everything. See, but us, if you're doing it yourself and you just start now, it's probably not going to it's probably going to look trash. You know, there's some people it is filming with their phone. You know, think of they like, man, you know, I ain't got no money. I ain't, you know, what I'm going to do, just not make one. So in the midst of that, you learn. And if you consistent enough, you'll grow automatically. Now, some people, bro, they just they really hustling because he did like 20 movies and they all look the same. You know, I think that is a hustle. I'm like, dang, bro, you never enough to, you know, it's not about paying people, but it's more increasing your own value. You know what I'm saying? Because us, bro, we shoot the movie, me and my pops and then my wife and then my mom. We edit the movie, we do the graphics, we do the trailer, we do the sound, we do the score, everything with the movie. We're not outsourcing it from nobody. And we still come out with a eight K good quality product. And it don't look like we shot it with our phone. You know, so it looked like we had a whole team. But in reality, it was just four people. That's that's because the training, the 900 music videos, the whole bunch of wet and the the tens of thousands of photos we've done, the, the, you know, just life, you know, working with juvenile kids, my pops was younger and, you know, I did too when I was 18 and stuff. But it's all that, bro. And then so when you take all that and, you know, you get to your purpose like that destination, you know, like this one will be for the next at least 15, 20 years, because this is what's going to deliver my family. You know what I'm saying? So I really, man, it's hard because as a filmmaker, I do see stuff like, man, that's trash. But then I'll be like, well, you know, we'll let some time go by. Let's see if they really just because that's the only way you're going to tell. Let time go by. You'll see if it's a hustle or not. 10 years in, like it's stuff. Don't look no different from when he started. I mean, it's still the same from when he started. Then it might be a hustle, you know what I'm saying? Because you've been really trying to invest. You're trying to do the bare minimum to, you know, and that ain't going to cut it, bro. And one thing I noticed everyone got there. They own weight is not the duplicate. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I started out in front of the camera and then really realized we had the power and the money and it wasn't us. So I was like, let me see what this behind the scenes type shit is about. And it just happened to be I actually enjoyed and loved actually telling stories and making films was another level to the game. That's why I'm in every film because I started out as an actor. But I think this next project, I'm going to lay low a little bit from the front of camera stuff and and get a more I just, you know, for the most part focused behind the scenes, right? Because I do enjoy that aspect as well. But yeah, it's a family affair and that is wonderful. So you got four people and we're going to talk more about that and the films that you have on to be when we come back. We're right after these messages. This is King B's War of Fusion. Yo, let's go. Hey, it's King B. And if you want to find an easy way to keep up with me, you can go to my website. kingbworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B. Worldwide.com. There you can find links to my books, the movies, the podcast and so much more. That's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. All right, we're back. We got Devon Bray currently screaming on Tubi, the director of Joint custody and also PPP Lone Gone. How many movies do you have on Tubi right now? Five, filming six right now. So, yeah, five. What's the names of them? So, everybody can check them out. Oral one, Oral two, and then Unsurety, PPP Lone Gone and Joint custody. OK, now we were talking and you were talking about the motivation even in the titling because I'm not going to lie. I had heard about, before I met you, I had heard about the PPP Lone Gone. I'm like, dog, really? Do it with PPP? Like, yo, that is actually fucking brilliant. Right. Tell me the reason why you named it PPP Lone. Well, before that, you got to understand we really wasn't seeing tremendous revenue. Now, we had a movie out called Unsurety that did well, but you know how it is. We released that, what, 2021 and you really don't get paid from distribution to like six months later. So we had to be, you know, we had to think of that next project in the midst of waiting on the money. So even joint custody, all these films that we had filmed literally being like with a budget with like three to four thousand. You know, so it came about because the pandemic happened. And then we was like, OK, well, we don't got no money for no actor. We don't have no money to just push this out to millions of people. But we do got marketing skills. We got a follow on it. But even having a follow on a movie lovers, it don't mean, you know, you still got to be creative with your marketing. You know what I'm saying? So we were putting all that together. And we were like, OK, what's what's relatable? What's real? What's going on? OK, pandemic. We don't want to do no pandemic movie. Hollywood did a few of those. We were like, OK, well, you know, we we were all good at drama, comedy. So, you know, what can we, you know, we thought about the PPP loan? We started researching and how much how much fraudulent and just how they we just had to do intensive research. And it was like, yeah, this is the best movie for for for when we put it out. You know what I'm saying? And check this, bro, we're the only ones in the United States that put a movie out about the PPP loan. Also, I was always told if you want to win, you got to get there first. So it was we already predicted what it was going to do. And again, the name took like a few days because what's in the name? Everything. So titles that we have are very important because that's going to be a decided. Well, all that content you in competition with your stuff have to stand out. You have to be unique. It can't just be, you know, now Jordan Peele, he can name his movie whatever you want to name because he has a follow. But on the way up, you have to grab people attention with creative ideas. So it forced us and then again, we a real business, bro. And we didn't get the PPP loans because so many people fraudulent all the money ran out. So we was like, well, let's get that PPP loan by making a movie about it. And next thing you know, that's exactly what happened, bro. Not only just a to be thing, but even I've been studying and looking at people on the YouTube and all that kind of stuff and the success for people with YouTube, the titles and the thumbnails for YouTube. But for us, it's the movie poster or whatever. Those things are very, very fucking important. Yeah. And in terms of getting the attention in. And it's like a fucking science to these people, you know what I mean? And this is what I like about what you guys did, because I promise you, I heard about PPP loan just because of that. It was just like, what the bro? What is it? And that is the type of thing that you want to do because now people are curious just because it's called PPP loan to go check it out, which is brilliant, fucking brilliant, actually. And now you did you work with your your mother and father, right? And your wife. Yeah, that's correct. Yes. So you got four people. Now, how does this work? Does each one have a specific role in like your wife's the sound person? You're the director, your father's the what? How does this go? Yeah, so basically, we all got to do multiple jobs. And even this come about is because, you know, the reason I got to do with your family is just think about it. We've been shooting movies for five years and just now in 2022, we started getting paid from movie making. So took five years. What other man, you know, is going to like shoot movies with you for five years and I get paid. You know, I said, no really person really going to do that. So it got to be. You got to mop the way the way with my pops is he had to produce his own help. And sometimes, bro, that's what you got to do because we're actually going to literally have to do it by yourself. And that's why we're important to keep a family together and make sure, you know, it's, you know, that you choose somebody, you know, because people make excuses like, what if he's a well, let's start with choosing, making sure you choose the right person. Make sure, you know, we know about that person, you know what I'm saying. But having all said that, you said, well, we're also my pops. He does all the filming, me and him, we both direct. I hold the boom mic and I do the audio. And my wife is like script supervisor, like director assistant, you know, stuff like that. We have to do like five jobs apiece. The women do all the, you know, the stuff that's around. But me and my pops, we do the, you know, the labor of filming and getting the audio and directing, you know, I come up with specials. Like even this next one, we're going to come, we're going to take DP to another level, but when you just by yourself, you just focus on getting the rules of the shot, you know, making sure you just get all the angles because we only shoot one camera. We got to shoot like if two people talking, two people just having a conversation. We always get seven shots because we were editing it too. So we edit on set. But the reason why we get so many shots is because we're not working with name actors, these are people that never did this or only work with us. And we just, and we, one thing we studied in filmmaking is always the production, the production maker, break everything, bro. So we just take it up on ourself is to be this amazing production because that's what movie making is what you see when you go to the theater is because that production was so amazing. And what you see on some time on to be is the production is crappy. You know what I'm saying? So production value bringing, bringing the real reality. But I know people want to be in front of the camera. That's what I'm know. That's not where the money is. The money is, is the true skill sets that can nobody take away from people can boycott you for acting, you know what I'm saying? But the same boy probably if you know how to shoot your own movies and crash, you know what I'm saying? So it is, it's that. But we all do multiple jobs, bro. And then even after that, so after we get done filming, we do all that feeding the actors, getting set locations. Now, in all of our movies, we never pay for locations because we have a builder that we linked up with. He's a millionaire. His name is Paul Gray. He got like these million dollar homes, half million dollar home that he lets us shoot in and then he's even in the movie. Now, you know, his dream is to act, but, but he wasn't approaching us like, you know, I want to, you know, he was, he just let us know, you know, that's one of the things you want to do and he don't care if it's now or 10 years from now. But, you know, we like reciprocity, you know, reciprocity. You're just going to let us use the house. We're going to find a, find a way to put you in. I mean, you're a millionaire. So you got a spirit, a spirit of excellence. You know what I'm saying? So I'm surely you're going to take this more serious than a lot of people that's doing it, you know what I'm saying? So, so relationship, bro. So it's, it's, it's a lot that goes into it. So never have to pay for the locations, but understanding once we up, you know, you got to kick back on the back end for those people that took care of you, you didn't have nothing, you know what I'm saying? Even though they ain't even looking for that or want that, but it's just, it's reciprocity, bro. Somebody do something like that and you up millions, you know, it is the right thing to do. But answer your question. How do we, it is literally a miracle. And it's like hard work because just this year, we're able to do this full time before this year, my wife was working third shift. I was working third shift in the beginning of the year of like 2022, but left that, but this is the first year I got a whole year of full time food, but it took five years to get here, bro. And people don't be understanding, like this, this ain't happened overnight. So if you just now starting, don't get discouraged. If your stuff ain't popping like this, bro, this stuff. Usually when you see people popping and you see them, they been doing it. It's just, you know, you just now finding out about it. You get what I'm saying? Like even you just now, like we've been doing this, but you just now because we just never stopped, we keep increasing. And so if you never stopped, more people will find out about what you're doing. And every year you should see some type of incline, some type of increase. You know what I'm saying? It's pressure when you really some moving it does well. PPP loan went viral, bro. Joint custody went viral. You're talking about 10 over 10 million views on TikTok, over 400,000 hearts on TikTok, like, and then like even on Facebook viral, you know, posts with just people posting our clips with 20,000 reactions, a million views and 20,000 shares and stuff like that. So we're creating a trend, it's a method that we've been, we tested it with PPP loan and then we did it again. So now once you do it two times, we figured it out. So every movie we do will go viral because it's amazing to take me. I think business is about relationships. And I've got to have a lot of business owners on the show. One of the biggest things about it is if you don't know how to build relationships, you're going to be working very tough. Now, I don't have, I don't have four family members just working with me on these films. It's typically me and then I get some other people come run with me. And it's usually a skeleton crew. It's basically what you're saying. Skeleton crew is what's called. It's usually a skeleton crew. We go out there, we shoot what we got. I haven't spent over a thousand dollars on a film yet and I've done five of them. But I've been doing this for a minute. I used to have a TV show on PBS and we did over 50 shows. And then that's the name of this podcast was the name of the show. Raw Fusion just turned it into a podcast after we left PBS. But it's important to note that the things that I've been able to do with film and getting a lot of Chicago notables and people of that nature in my films have been through relationships. If you can't cultivate and keep these relationships growing, you're going to have a hard time doing film or any business. For that matter, it really is about relationships. That's truly what film filmmaking is about or business is about. Actually, you got to man relationship. You know, I've seen so many people burn bridges and I'll be like and then, you know, a time go by and that person elevate. You'd be like, game, bro, how you mess up? I never want to be that person that mess up a relationship with a great person. You know, now it should be all the way around the board, no matter, you know, you below or under. But what I'm saying is people be fluking. They be fumbling the bag like how your friend or your home or your relative is doing something this great to the magnitude. And like you said, you able to pull no people, no family. And we only to pull basically, you know, me and my father and son and then our wives. So it's like we it's still not like bro family be in the city and don't even show up to the premiere. But we got this world that just love what we do. And it's just it's sad, bro. Some people just can't see like it's like they got they it's like it's a blindfold over their eye and they can't even see. You know, you know what I think it is? I think it is they do see and they mad about it. And instead of being smart and coming in and joining a party, they feel some type of way and they're going to sit back in and, you know, feel some type of way. But I truthfully, it just makes sense to get with people who are doing stuff that you want to do. You know, I mean, that's been that's been the thing for me. When I was learning how to do this, I got around people who do on television and and I sat back in the corner and shut the fuck up and didn't ask a whole bunch of questions and all that crazy shit and just watch what they were doing. And then I was taking mental notes and then I take that back when I got my chance to go to the editing bay or whatever it is. I took the mental notes and, you know, watched the camera people and watched everybody do that thing. And because I wasn't, you know, jumping up with 52 questions every other 10 seconds, you know, they didn't have a problem with me being around, you know, and that's the thing. And then going on other people's sets and helping them do what they do to produce their films, not taking any pay or anything like that, because the pay is now I got the information and now I can make whatever the fuck film I want to make because I learned it and I didn't have to pay Columbia here in Chicago is where you probably going to go to learn filmmaking. I had a filmmaker from Columbia who's out there. He's got a show on WeTV now on last week. So shout out to Kenny Young, but, you know, it's thousands of dollars to do that. Right. And so, you know, you paid me with knowledge. It would behoove you to get on a set. You know what I mean? Donate your time and learn the game and learn the craft. And then you can go out there and, you know, do what you want to do and it'll pay you in the long run. Trust me, those films that I did in a while, a while ago, still paying me right now. Years ago, it's going to still pay you 10 years later. That's why I love movie making, man. As long as you own it, you will always get something. I mean, your movie could go viral two years later or something like that, and then you just make a whole bunch of money. And that's a good thing. Everybody ain't seen your film because that means you get to make money. But if everybody's seen your film already, you got to make another. You know, I'm excited to get back behind behind the camera again, even though I'm actually editing one. I hate doing this. I'm doing a subtitles thing right now. But we're going to talk about some of the other things dealing with actors and your Facebook group. We're going to do that after we get up from this break. We got to pay some bills, but we'll be right back. More divine break right after this. This is King B. R. Fuchsia. Heart pumps not once, but twice within the same beat. I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky clubs to get on some funky dance floor, to dance with some funky man. Give me one good reason why we shouldn't enjoy each other. It could ruin our friendship. I think so. It doesn't feel right. I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with it. That has everything to do with it. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end, should I or should I not get into it? We're from a close friend. I'm going to shave you. I already had a shave. Now where am I going to shave? Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the US, then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on Plex. What's up, everybody? It's King B. And I want to tell you about my website, kingbworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff, including links to my book, the movies and even the podcast. There as well, it's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. Raw Fusions, back filmmaker. The Vine Bray right here, Raw Fusion. You got to check out PPP Lone Gone and his new one, Joint custody, right there on 2B for free. Now, was this a thing that your father started? Was he a filmmaker before I wanted to be one and then you kind of followed in the footsteps or was it something that you wanted to do and he came in and supported you? How did they go down? It was a, yeah, he definitely did a trailblazer as in all that because he had to get the foundation done, you know, in order for even me to step in. So before I came along, it was already like as he was learning though, I was learning. So when he first got the camera, I think what, 2010 or something, he started shooting me first, you know, because I do music also. OK, he shot a lot. You know, shoot all my music videos. So it started kind of like that with me entering the music. He already he been doing music before I was here. So I entered music as he entered into filmmaking. And so we kind of learn as as he kept learning and everything that he learned he taught and he told me where he was getting information from, which is YouTube. And so that's that's basically what we use even still to this day. YouTube for information on that, but he's definitely the one that trailblazing got everything moving and still the visionary of everything because I have to be one person. You know, that's how everything flow is. Once everyone understand that there, you know, there's one vision and you know, this person has to, you know, yeah. Well, shout out to DeVon Bray singing. And let's shout your mother and your wife out. Go ahead. Sharika Bray and Naomi Bray. And then my daughter wants to see him. Now you're going to bring the daughter into it. She's going to be a filmmaker in like a few more years. She's only one right now, the year. So we're going to give her about 17 years. Maybe she's probably smart enough to be doing it a lot sooner than that. She might be the 12 year old filmmaker. She already acting if she's enjoying custody. Nice, nice, nice. Now it's not just you guys thing. And that's one of the reasons why I want to have you on the show as well. Show love back because even though I haven't been on it, but it's all good. I ain't bad. You have a Facebook community. Yeah. What's the name of your Facebook community? Best new to be movies. Best new to be movies. And we actually met on a clubhouse. And then you said, yeah, man, come on through to the community, blah, blah, blah. And I did and I came through and showed me a hell of a lot of love. Although I haven't been interviewed yet. It's all good. But you do interview other filmmakers from to be. I'm just talking to you because I don't I don't you do the camera thing. And right now, until I start shooting again, I'm just enjoying looking scruffy as fuck. So I ain't a lot. Man, I spent so many years trying to be cute for the goddamn camera that when the pandemic happened, I grew my beard out. I look like fucking Grizzly Adams. I don't give a fuck. And I'm happy with that right now. So you actually have other filmmakers and people come on and you and your wife do interviews with them. Not only that, but you encourage people to who have to be movies, not YouTube and all the other shit, but to be movies to come on and promote this stuff on your platform. And you've got how many thousand over a hundred thousand. I know, but how many thousand now? Two hundred and seven. Two hundred and seven thousand people in that community. Remember, they act if they are active, they are active. I put my shit up there and I think they they shared it about 200 times and I don't know nothing people. Right. You know what I'm saying? But what made you what made you start that whole situation? I mean, you you're doing good yourself. Why are you so helpful to other filmmakers? Man, you know, I've seen other people, you know, why they come up, why they start stuff and it's always because of a no or it's always because of rejection. Even a lot of these companies open because it's rejection or somebody said no, so they went to go. So that's pretty much with me, bro. Again, I've already had viral pages like I got a page with like six hundred thousand. My brave film page is like one hundred and twenty thousand. My wife has a page that's over a hundred thousand. So we all got, you know, our own like page following. But I was promoting in groups, which, you know, this is it's a helpful way to promote your movie and to get, you know, critics and see what they really say about your movie. So when I used to promote in groups, you know, maybe I'll promote one day and then like the third, you know, probably like I just promote and sometimes they're declined to post or because it's post approval. My post won't get posted to like six, six hours later because somebody didn't know the admin didn't approve it. You get what I'm saying? So it just like I'm like, man, we need something that's really going to help filmmakers and, you know, a community where like all the fans is there, you know what I'm saying? Like like so all these black movies is making money. So how can I get these people in one space? And if they don't feel like searching, they can just come to the group, you know, look up movies. So I started my own group last year, February. But this was in the midst of filming PPP Long Gone. So I just started. That's all I did. I didn't touch it. I didn't put a poster on it. It was just called Best New Tube Movies. Once the movie was done and it was out and it went after I didn't have a group with it. PPP Long went viral. It went viral. And then I was like, man, my movie went viral. Maybe I should start attending to this group, you know, August 11. I started attending to it, meaning just finding a whole bunch of movies and watching them and then posting them and saying something about it every day. Sometimes it'd be two movies a day, but just posting every day movies and then share it to my viral pages. You know, they're already movie lovers. So in the midst of that happening over time, it grew. They only grew like that because what were two is growing. To be is already on an incline. It was a vibe. People, you know, like when PPP Long went viral, I think that even boosted eyeballing to be because for the first quarters for us to make six figures, that mean like 400,000 people at CR movie. It's a numbers game. You make six figures. You got to double that number, maybe double it in half. And that's how many people watched it because a lot of people have to watch a movie for you to make that type of money. You know what I'm saying? When that happened, a lot of people didn't even know about to be. But it brought a lot of people and what people don't know, we probably run hundreds of thousands of people to to be. They didn't know about it because I tracked this stuff. You know, a lot of a lot of people with both of our new movies. They they was like, I'm about to download to be just to watch this. You know, I'm saying when that started, when I started seeing that, I was like, man, let me bring these people because it was my movie. And after that, every movie on to be started, you start seeing just and this will people don't know. Everyone started if you date back the videos and stuff. Everyone started just posting funny stuff about it, whether they find something funny in a movie or, you know, it's just this trend all like last year after August all the way to now. And it's still kind of this trend now is getting back to some of these movies are real good. You know, say people getting better and getting better. So it all stemmed from people really not doing what they post to do. So you got rather people got these big groups and they just won't control. I don't want control. That's why I'll be trying to ban people. I'll be trying to do none of that. Facebook already hit you for the little stuff. So what I need to be at least in people for people be Facebook. Tell me every day they took a post because somebody posted something they should have posted. You know, saying they don't be me. So I want to create this opportunity that's free and you don't have to approve the post. You can post any and only thing I got to do is get rid of all the spam. They come in every day, you know, because if you have it free like that, the spammers can come in. If I start doing post approval, all the scammer will stop, but it won't be active. It's only active like that because you can post that wheel. More you want to put your hands on stuff and control it. The numbers going to slow down, you know, saying that that's a method. And then you say, why am I, you know, why you want to because I'm a filmmaker. I believe in my content. I'm going to make money for my projects. So I don't care about other people making money or trying to make money off people promoting a film. Now, there has people they reached out to me and was like, hey, man, you know, can you do this? So you want me to do a set up promotion on your time? And, you know, I'm saying, OK, well, I just, you know, a donation. You know, because I'm really not trying to do that. But I also want to be I know admin post your movie. You probably get a better reach, but it's not a guarantee reach. If I've seen random people in my group go viral or post a movie or post something, they just go crazy. I mean, you have something they got hundreds of chairs. So it's not, you know what I'm saying? But but if you hit me, I don't promote like, hey, man, get with me. I'll promote your movie, pay me. I don't do that. Anybody that ever gave me money for something is because they approach me and some people just have an understanding. Well, if I'm a reach out, you know, you know, some people that are, you know, I'll just, you know, share their movie or watch it or see, you know what I'm saying, bro? But it's really just more of a, you know, it's fair game. Figure out, just follow what I do. You can get the same reach like I gave for my movies. If you do that, if you just watch it, it happened for. And that that's kind of the same attitude that I have. Like I said, when I see other people doing it, like, come on, man, come on, come on, come on to the show, because that's the way it's supposed to be. If you got to sit around and worry about, oh, I'm promoting other people. So now the shine going to come off me. Then you really not, you really not that confident in your own shit. Right. That's just being 100 with it. You know what I'm saying? If you can't, if you can't sit there and congratulate another motherfucker for doing some shit that you wanted to do or that you're doing, then you really not in your heart, who you think you say or act like you are. Right. I'm damn confident in my movies. I got shit. We did in 2004. Making thousands of dollars on two of you, right? 2000 fucking four, you know what I'm saying? That's damn near 20 years ago, you know what I'm saying? So I'm not fucking worried about it, you know what I mean? But for other people, you know, they come out with some shit yesterday and they feel like they need all the fucking shine from it. And, you know, that's cool. You know what I'm saying? You could do that. But I wonder if you really is confident in your own shit. If you can't promote somebody else, because at the end of the day, what you're doing an hour, two hour, three hour, three hour movie at best. People going to watch other shit. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you they're not just going to keep running your movie back. So why not, you know, why not promote? OK, well, shit. You watch mine. I appreciate it. Check out my homeboys movie. You know what I'm saying? There's nothing wrong with that. We went out and hustled DVDs, you know what I'm saying? And I went to flea markets around the country and even here in Chicago, I was I was killing it, killing it. When I say killing it, bro, I was killing the fuck out of the shit. And I would invite other filmmakers with a film to set up right next to me on my motherfucking tape. That's how strong I was with my shit. I'm like and they was like, you sure, bro? You know, I don't want to mess with your house. I said, bro, I'm going to get mine. Make sure you get yours. You know what I'm saying? And people that I know that like they've been coming back and they're looking for me to do some new shit. But I haven't I haven't done it yet. I'd be like, yo, check out my man's movie. You know what I'm saying? I'm cosigning this shit right here. You know, check it out. And they buy it. I mean, I'm the strength of it. It's me. I know. You know what I'm saying? Some of my soul, more of their own shit than then they sold it in their own shit because they didn't know how to push the shit. They know how to promote the shit. So I feel like if you are really confident in the shit you're doing, you're going to do like you're doing right now, you know what I'm saying? So you're going to promote other people as well, especially if you really honestly like this shit. So I like what you're doing, man, you know what I'm saying? And I definitely want you to have you on the show and, you know, to, you know, promote that whole situation of what you're doing as a community. And we need to stick with each other in order to have the type of success that we want to. Because lo and behold, Hollywood is doing it. Right. Why the fuck ain't we doing it? Right. All right. We're going to be right back after these messages. We got my homeboy Devon Bray right here throughout Fusion. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that it could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need. But help starts with the with an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm. We are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health by donating. You will help us help others from one dollar to one thousand. No donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please don't need to be. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. The more our fusion. Yeah, this is our fusion. You know what it is. I want to ask you, like, what's the future going to be like for your company? What's the name of your company, by the way? Brace him. Brace him, which is Brace him, because you got four braids working with it. What's what's the future like, man? You talking about pushing out movies, bro? Like it's not stopping. They're going to if you ever watched from the beginning to now, the main thing you're going to always know about us is the quality increase. So it's never a thing to do. Like I said, most people got movies and like, you know, it's all right. But you can clearly see the difference in each of our movies as you get to the latest, latest one. And that's what's important because that's scary also, because now, you know, once we get to that Jordan Peele type production and trust me, it's like a budget for us. It's not like a skills. Most people lack a skill set for us. It's just a lack of budget. Of course, now we're building that budget. We're getting the rigs and stuff like that. But what I'm saying is it's not a lack of skill set for us. So somebody gave us a million right now. We could produce what a million dollars or even a ten million dollar project look like with a million because we're doing so much with so, so, so little already. You get what I'm saying? So the future is to, you know, we have a goal, right? Of course, the goal goes up. But our goal right now is like 50 movies. So we got to get the movies, you know what I'm saying? It's going to get bigger and bigger and better and better. And to do this as long as we can, just us. So I want to see how long that can last because all that is going to do is just force us to increase our value. So it's going to force you to learn new stuff. It's going to force you to do it. You know, it's just going to force you because I want to know everything in the business that I'm in. I don't want people to do stuff for me that I don't even know how to do myself. That's how you get. That's how you get got. That's how people rise up on you. That's how people feel like they they just walk out on set and you don't know how to do that job. You got to shut the whole production down. But if you if you already did that and you're only putting people there to be a blessing and not to use or to I wouldn't say use, but you want somebody else to do it just because that's not going to fly. You know what I'm saying? We're simply with us, you know what I'm saying? I was taught to do as much as you can yourself as possible because it is actually a great feeling, the fact that you can get up any time of the day and go shoot your own movie. We ain't got to wait on nobody. We ain't got to wait on no DP. We ain't got to know. We just got to get up and just go do it and plan it. So what's next for us is bigger movies, better movies. And, you know, we got blockbusters want them, bro. So we that's where this is going. That's what's up. I think that's important that you're saying that when I first started out, I want to know everything. I want to learn literally every fucking thing. And let's be honest, I got some of those old DV tapes and I'm trying to get through a process of of converting that shit. And I might put it out. You'll see the difference from when I started until until when I do this next project, then you'll see what's now. The truth of the matter is, is don't be afraid to if you're serious about this shit. Now, if you just if you just getting in it because you you see motherfuckers make a movie and make money and all this kind of shit, I ain't talking to y'all. I'm talking to the people who are serious about filmmaking and who really actually care about film and are passionate about that shit. Right. Get your ass out there and start. You know what I mean? The shit's not going to look as is the same as the motherfuckers has been doing it 20, 30 years. But at the end of the day, you'll be able to grow and you'll see the people and people will see from movie to movie that you're growing. They'll see you adding different things. You'll see you getting better. And there's a lot of people that are scared of that type of shit, but I want people to understand that I did not start out with something that looks like what I have now and you can do the same thing and you can grow in front of the people. I grew I learned and grew in front of the people. I started my TV show in three years. I was at PBS, but if you look at the shit when I started at first and then look away, I was at PBS as a huge difference. I grew up in the front of the people, you know what I mean? And you can do the same thing. And I just love to see people who are passionate about it, get the opportunity that honestly, when I started out, there was no to be. There was no YouTube. There was no none of this shit. So I love the fact that people are able to do that now and I'm coming back to get my shit though. Cause you know what I'm saying? I ain't finna let everybody else do their shit and I don't do my motherfucking thing and thug this one. You understand what I'm saying? So, but bro, I appreciate you. And I appreciate your family for doing and having that spirit of camaraderie and actually going out there and making it happen and doing it. That's a beautiful thing. And to have you guys and your father and your mother and your wife and you all in there and making it a family affair. That's a beautiful situation. And I actually want to celebrate all you guys and tell you guys keep going, keep pushing and keep making it happen. Appreciate you, man. Michelle, bro, I appreciate you coming through Raw Fusion, man. That's what it is. Thanks for having me. For shizzle. It's time to talk some shit with King B. King B's Raw Fusion podcast brought to you by King B's Hate Love now streaming for free on 2B. The independent revolution is here. It's a lot of people out there making content and we have to learn one thing. If we really want to be successful, working together is important. It's not something we should do, could do. It's something we need to do. If we all want to be as successful as we really, really can be. It's a simple concept. Someone else is doing something great. You're doing something great. You come together, you support each other. And in the end, it becomes colossal. Picture that for a minute and then holler at me later. I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.