Oh, you're not gonna want to miss this one me and five women It's kind of I like Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion yo, what up ladies and gentlemen King B right here. And you know what this is. It's Raw Fusion So there's this podcast out there called uncorked in conversation And so as we always do about this time, we got something different. We decided to do a collaboration So first how y'all doing ladies doing fine Doing just so good. We don't well great great great now. Here's what we're gonna do We ended up doing a collaboration. It lasted for about two hours long You know here at Raw Fusion. We don't do two hours So we cut it down and condensed it if you want to see more of it You can do two things one support the show and in the same Stone subscribe for the exclusive content and you can check out more of the conversation there But right now we are going to check out the conversation. We had with April brown tracy langford paulette erby serita bostic linda white the ladies of uncorked in conversation So now marriage is is a convenience instead of a marriage. It's a business. It's a business It's business Like it's always been a business But wait linda you're speaking of a business as far as like the whole wedding thing or just in general A relationship. It's it's a business. Which way what do you mean? I feel like marriage is a business I've always seen I've always seen it that way I mean you gotta look at you gotta look at it culturally too I mean you look at it shows like game of thrones and things like that These people have been doing this for years with arranged marriages and things that nature Let's let's bring our families together through marriage and things of that nature. That that is not about love That is about business. You know what I'm saying if we bring you and finance. Yeah finances, you know It's a purity. Yes Or okay, my kingdom is over here. Your kingdom is over there We're going to not go to war anymore. We're gonna bring our families together. I mean, you know and and and so this is This is this this is nothing though. It's nothing new. Yeah, it's nothing new. Yeah a lot of marriages are business And I know that we a lot of gay boys That's true a lot of gay boys go off Or gay women, you know in a position They go off and get married For appearances and then on the side they're going with what they really want to go with and everybody knows it from the beginning So there's a lot of different dynamics when it comes to relationships and in marriages, you know, I mean some of it It's just appearances and everybody with the two parties know what's going on in the beginning Right those that are brave enough to admit, you know, what's really going on some of them Some of the gay boys Don't admit though. What do they call those the dl the downloads? See those are the ones that they don't Those are the ones that want you to act like a man And and think like a woman say I think like a woman ain't no way in hell I want my woman to act like a man. I want you to understand me But I want you so we went we went back there. I thought we No, because I saw how y'all got up I saw how y'all got a ball from it in the back of my mind I said I see what they're doing, but we're gonna come back to it. We're gonna we're gonna push you back I'm gonna come in here and I'm gonna switch him off that. No, no, no, no, no, no Yeah, I'm saying just because you know, but again, I still I still say that he meant it Respectably in the respect of don't be played. That's what he wants you to think That's what he wants you to think but the truth of the matter is I think on my own I'm a very careful thinker and I Processed like I said, I didn't read the book though. I'm not caught up on the on the on the on the on the I did But I mean, I just read it. I mean, I I didn't really take no I mean some things make sense to me, but it was like common sense that my grandmother told me anyway, but you know And my father Because my father's the one who taught me about men, of course, you know, so I mean you are on the 30 day rule. It's 90 days, baby. Oh 90 Mm-hmm You got to understand that anybody any any man that wants you to think like a man is really going to it's really Um, maybe gay down low. You know what I'm saying? Okay No, we're gonna agree to disagree. No, no, no, no, I don't think they just taught telling you to think like a man I'm sorry. I don't that's not what I think said think like a man. So I'm going off what you say not And then you can rebut it but listen to me because when we when we get to this point There's a lot of women, right? They will get in a relationship. They are they have been running the household They are the masculine situation in their household because of the way they think, okay So now you getting you want to you want a man? So now give me a man that I could submit to You understand and this that in the third a man a real man does not have to prove to you anything He's going to be a real man when he wakes up He's going to be a real man when he goes to sleep what you end up doing going is is is getting a girly man That you can run And then when you get that girly man that you can run you don't respect him because you want a man That's going to be able to put you in check not in a physical way not yelling not calling you out of your name a man knows how to put you in check Without doing any of that. So you understand you're willing to naturally submit to that man He doesn't have to prove nothing He doesn't go have to go out of his way because he's a man and you recognize that in him So you say okay, this man can leave me where we need to go and you're going to go and submit So what's happening is you got a lot of women out here thinking like a man And if they get in a relationship They're not going to get the man man because the man's man does not want that shit So they're going to end up the man that they end up with They're not the woman's not going to want because she knows she can run over him And any any man that a woman knows That's two different things So it's safe to say it's safe to say king that you are a manly man To you telling us for women that those are the things that you would not accept from your young tender Ain't a way in I've looked at some videos and this and these women Calling the man a bitch I'm not saying no We're talking about specifics. We're not talking about all women everywhere. Let me take you back Let me take you back a little bit. Let me take you back I'm gonna tell you what my father told me when I was young and when I was having fun. He was telling me and this is what my father told me Okay, my father was soon be 90 years He told me he said if you really want to know if a man is is really there for you He says don't give yourself up so easy Don't give yourself up so quick. He didn't put any time frame on it like the person we're talking about He didn't do that. Okay, but he said if you like this dude if you care about him He said don't be so quick to go to bed with him See what he's all about And if he's willing to wait for you Then it's possible that he could be the guy, you know, okay Y'all really want the truth? You really want the truth? It should be the same thing you've been telling your daughter You really want the truth? That's right I want you to tell me the truth Ain't no way But you can see because I have conversations when I'm talking to a woman I'm gonna have conversations. We're gonna talk about past relationships. We're gonna talk about what you want What do you want to be in five years? Things of that nature, you know what I'm saying? So now if you come up to me and you didn't talk about Well, I had this one night stand and I did this and I did this and this and this and the third And then you bring your ass to me and you talk about well, I really like you So we're gonna wait six months and blah blah blah bullshit No, you're missing it. That's not yet. That's not where I'm going. I understand what you're going I'm not telling you. I'm not in a conversation with you. I'm not telling you all of this I'm feeling you out. That's beautiful. We're dating. That's beautiful. We're going out. That's beautiful We're learning each other. That's what I'm talking about and if I say to myself I'm not giving myself up so easy so quick I know we're adults. We could do this and all I understand all of that However, if I'm looking for something that I feel is going to last because maybe I feel like I'm in my past When I go there too fast, then it's gone because you know how some guys can be Once they hit it and it's done, you know And So listen, listen to what you just did. You just gave me all the information I needed to know In the past you just said in the past I have given it up fast And it didn't work out. So you already told me that you're already giving it up fast to someone else Now you bring your ass to me. Like I said Now listen you have listened You have already told me in that conversation. These are the conversations I'm not going to ask you targeted questions that you know that I'm asking a question I'm going to prompt you to tell me what I want you to know What I mean what I want to know about you. So you just what you want to know in this in this conversation You just right now you just told me in the past you've given up fast Now you bring your ass to me and you want to hold on slow down. Whoa. Here's what's going to happen Uh, here's what's going to happen because men are very egotistical Territorial things of that nature. So here's what's gonna happen. So are women so are women I think you guys are a little more but we can get into that later. Here's what's gonna happen Here's what's gonna happen Now my goal is to get it. I don't give a damn about you I don't give a damn about none of this other shit My goal is now to hit it and while you wait in your six months I already got a chicken on this couple of chickens on the side that I'm going to be hitting While we in this whole six month waiting process Then once I get it you are definitely gone because what you've done is you're saying to that these other men Were more whatever Now it may not be what you're trying to say, but I'm going to tell you what we hear These other men were more more whatever it is to you that you gave it up to them fast And now you bring your ass to me and because I'm the upstanding man that you really want Instead of rewarding me with what I want You're gonna make me wait and work for it and you didn't make them wait and work for it So why in the hell would I want to be with you after that? Think about it for a second. All right. So now it turns into a conquest. You're gonna hit it That's it. And why are we waiting all these six seven months? Why are we waiting six seven months? I got two three other ones is gonna take care of my needs. You understand what I'm saying? So you ain't waiting for me. I ain't waiting. Yeah. Yeah. So that's that's one hundred So is the goal to get it or is the goal to create a bond of relationship some longevity So is the goal for men for manly men to to to get it and it's this true Is this a true fact that men pretty much want to see how good you are in bed before they Make their decisions. Is it right to the two points that I'd like Okay, so Add Rita's third one to it because Rita just said that labels you as a doll. We need you to to respond to that one Exactly. Exactly. King B. King B after you answer this. I have something I want to add to your answers And then I got something that I want to add to the add I love talking about Y'all My show is after dark in the morning, so it don't matter to me All right, what was the what was the first two questions that you asked me? Oh the goal to get it So the goal is my my thing is this okay If you are and again, I can't speak for all men, but I know me and my brothers and and what I can say is The goal may be in the beginning to get to know you get to understand you and things of that nature Get to build a relationship with you That may be the goal at first But the minute we get to that point and again I've already triggered you to tell me the truth Now if every man you've ever been with You always wait a certain amount of time That's one thing but you cannot sit here and tell me you done had a one night stand You done gave it up quick even did all another that shit and then bring that to me You have to put me on par with the rest of them in that regard You understand what I'm saying? So now the goal shifts Because I don't see that I had I literally had a woman say Yeah, you know, um I I've done it, you know quickly to all these fools, you know because I can use them I know what I'm using them for I can use them and then I can move on from them But I really like you so I want to take it slow shit You ain't gonna do that over here Now see because what you're doing is you're rewarding the idiot And this is something that I cover in my um in the penis dialogues my movie I actually have a movie about this kind of thing And you're rewarding the idiot. I heard you talking about that on your podcast. I want to ask you about that I've seen the trailer So what you're essentially doing you're rewarding the idiot and the good guy You're going to make weight and you're not going to reward him So does that mean that does that mean you're interested in her or it doesn't mean there's no interest at all You're just pretty much it was there was some interest in the beginning See now once you want to play a game well now you want to slay came out her mouth This is this this is the line from the movie now. You want to slow play the pussy So now it's a game you don't conge yourself into a game now But yeah Uh of which you can see at patreon.com slash King B That's right, plug that movie So listen here, I'm just being honest with you. I may have had every intention. I might have liked you I mean, I thought you or uh someone that I could be with for a long time You I was someone I want to build a relationship with but in doing that And I think this is the problem with a lot of people male and female We don't know what questions to ask. We don't know the conversation that we need to have In order to get to the root of who these people are and you see people saying And then and then one of the biggest things that women don't do Listen or they don't listen. Yep Because a man is going to tell you exactly who he is most likely If you know the questions to ask you'll find out who that person is in five minutes But you busy you look at it You looking at his muscles. Are you looking at how he looks and this kind of thing and the truth of the matter Well, don't take that away now. We gotta do that do that because we're looking at the booty and in the breast. So that's cool That's no problem with that. But while I'm looking at all that I'm still listening to what you say See what I'm saying, right? Right. So now you Yeah, but you're listening to clues that listen to the how many women have you heard say verbal and nonverbal clues That's right. So how many women have you heard say? Oh, I knew the signs, but shit. I just ignored them anyway Because you I've heard some men say that too. Men do that too Men do that too. It goes both ways. Yeah. So what I'm saying is I'm going to ask I did it myself So so what I'm saying is 20 years what I'm saying is this is that I'm going to I'm going to try my best to get to the root of who you are as soon as possible because I don't have a lot of time to waste And so when you start saying things like that Just know that it has turned from an interest in you and an interest into an interest in the game And I intend to win now. What was the other question? Does that make me a doll? No It makes me a man I told you this was a good conversation And we will be back with more from our collaboration between Raw Fusion and uncorked in conversation Right after this now streaming on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast It's called the listening party and check it out and we're going to talk about it on the other end. It is body language right here And that's been the game for a while, you know, they don't want to pay a local personality who might be a great radio personality money when they can pay This personality the same amount of money, but put them in 50 different cities and the return on this that investment makes sense to that company, you know big companies, you know radio personalities We're just announcers now That's the way they look at it. Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast wherever you get your podcast Raw Fusion All right, let's jump right back into this collaboration with Raw Fusion and the uncorked in conversation Are you looking at a long, you know, potentially a long time relationship. I would love that but see Too much goofy shit going on right now. There's too many. I want to be a man. I don't think I'm a man I want to run this one. You're gonna talk to me any kind of with the first time Something come out of your mouth. It's not right, baby Hmm. I'm not right. Yeah Yeah, I'm not gonna scream and vice versa. I'm not gonna. I mean advice first of all, that's right The first time you say something that I pay attention to red flags and I've been told all my life to play attention to the red flags Don't let the red flags slide because they become they they create bigger monsters So I I'm in my lifetime. I've tried to definitely notice the red flags Where where men are concerned and of course, you don't get them all but I've just been told not to paint the picture look at the situation for what it is Again, I've gotten some things wrong on the journey. Um, I don't have a particular rule for For when, you know, it goes down. It's just the chemistry. I I'm based on the chemistry. I'm a I'm a chemistry girl. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, and I agree with you being you're it's not a I agree with you. Does it make you a dog? You're absolutely right. It's not it makes you a man But it's a mature person that can see through all of that crap like what you're saying It's a lot of crap out there So as you talk to and learn to communicate with people and the other thing is Understand your feelings and don't be afraid to share your feelings because if somebody else is afraid of your feelings That ain't the one you need to be able to talk to somebody and if you can't talk to them And I totally agree with you you talk to me you talk to people you get those clues out there You have the okay Let's see if they're they're willing to do this or they do that and all that kind of stuff and people may say that Manipulating you've got to we cross this crap stuff that you're talking about If you're looking for that sustainable Relationship with somebody or okay Yeah, I could walk with this person or maybe I could but there's always and I know be you you would definitely agree with me on this one There's always going to be some type of compromise. You're not going to find anybody perfect 100 you're not going to find everything right everything on your list So they may be some things that you'll be able to say, you know, okay I can let that ride, you know That was this that was that whatever it may be Whatever you have your boundaries as being put those boundaries up And if that's what you're going to be with and you got to stick with that But if that person can't rock with it time to move on let's put it back to your example, Paula If you now if you had said You know, I have rushed into it and done it too fast And I really shouldn't but I want you so let's go ahead and get it on Oh, shit. Well, see now I know the hell I've rushed. So I'm gonna judge you So now I'm still interested in you And once we get done, I'm still interested in you The problem comes in is when you say that I didn't deal with all these other people and Now you're going to wait shit Right, you understand and let me Actually when I said that I didn't say I was gonna say it out. No, I've already gotten it from you. I already got it from you But you're saying in the words and you're talking and stuff that you got it out of and here's the thing If I spend that much time talking to you Trying to get to know you Then off top. I actually have interest in you See, that's how you learn. See, that's how you know, see I study psychology In school. So I'm looking for all these things that you don't even know I'm looking for I'm reading all sorts of things that you don't even know I'm reading so now Because I'm giving you this time and I'm actually trying to find out who you are That means I like you When I want to hit it and quit it. I don't do all of that. I don't do all of that And I've done that before I just want your ass And then I'm gonna put it on you. So, you know, there's enough of them out there that'll go for that Some women will go You missed that last part. He said and I'm gonna put it on you I had a woman. You see that's the hit it and that's just the hit it queen version, you know That's not the longevity. But if I'm taking my longevity version has some other trick Yeah, if I'm taking my time trying to figure out who you are That means I'm interested in you for a potential long-term relationship. Right. And here's the thing. Here's the thing I had a woman. I had a woman one time, right We went on a date we get to the end of the date and I She wasn't the one so I told her I said, you know Why? No, no, no, no, no, it was um, it's just mentally she wasn't she wasn't the one So I'm like, okay. Well, you know, and we're talking about moving forward and I'm like, well Listen, I don't I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but You know, um, I don't I don't see a long-term situation here Um, but I am attracted to you. So, you know, I would be more on the lines of Being friends with benefits Now I'm fully expecting her to get mad uh, want to swing at me or slam my car door and she said Okay, we could try that because I'm all for that openness. Listen, let me tell you This is and this is what I wanted to say kind of given the response to piggyback on your response be The societal pressure that is put on men and women boys and girls um Is something I do not like I don't I've never liked the terminology lose your virginity to Why is it for women? Someone's always taking our virginity. I don't I've never seen it that way And I know that makes me a little different, but I don't like that or we're giving it up to somebody You don't hear people saying men are giving it up. It's women giving it up. Why are we giving it up? Why is it we're relinquishing something? Why is somebody putting that making that our mindset before we've even had a chance to feel To experience sex with another person that already is putting us in a in a tug of war in a situation where In a situation that breeds manipulation between two people that are supposed to genuinely love each other And I've always struggled with that. I get that So do you do you want the people to say I have I'm a virgin and now I'm not is that the transition that you want instead of saying I'm giving up Or I'm you taking it. So what do you say? I'm no longer. I guess if you say anything Yeah, and I don't I don't know that it's an announcement that needs to be made when you're a virgin until the hymen is breached and then Once that's breached you're not a virgin anymore. So I mean it's just a natural it's nothing that needs to be announced I'm now a woman. I'm a woman now. I mean, what should we say? Why should you say anything because if I was a guy and I need to know, you know Another man been there before me. I mean if a man asks, are you a virgin? That's different That's it. And if someone asks, I'm not saying you can't say virgin But I don't like the giving up the virginity. What? No, that already puts us on the defense I don't like that. I'm gonna tell you why I love it. You know, tell you why I love it Because it's the same for men. It is virginity part now to giving up. I get it I went like, you know, you're giving up some coochie. I get it But the virginity part someone took my virginity. That is special People need to realize that the first person that you allowed to do this You know, and except for you know, when it's not consensual and that's terrible um, but the first person that you allowed to do this that's special because Damn it. Everybody been trying to get it and you decided to give it to me That's special and I honor that. I know everybody fucking in and you know, they don't care now days But to me, I still honor that. Oh, you know, so um, or you were the woman That uh, I decided to give it to You know what I'm saying? So to me, I think that's very special and I love that part of it As far as giving it up Well, men and women are different and we have to realize that I know everybody keeps saying men and women are equal No, we're not we're not and we need to stop that shit. I can't have a baby You can suck on my nipples all day long. You ain't getting no milk. I'm not equal to a woman. I'm different I'm me I'm a man. You understand what I'm saying? So I'm going inside of you. You not going inside of me So it's a difference now You may not like it in your entitled to it, but I kind of like that giving up the nappy dugout phrase. So, you know, that's just me You remember that you remember that you remember that old song giving up the nappy dugout Okay, yes, I remember that. What was that movie juice? Give me up the snappy nappy dugout Yes So, I mean, you're not wrong and this is what I want to say clearly You're not wrong. You have that feeling in your entitled to that feeling but me personally, I like it You know, I mean, I think that people too often get into the mode of you know, it's just sex And I think sex is important. I'm not going to do some shit. Oh night long that ain't important Just a bust in that I could do that with a porn and a tissue. I'm we doing something together And I think that's important And it is it's a serious energy transfer You're giving yourselves to each other and I get that so I'm I'm all there with that mindset I think it can happen a lot more naturally though without those societal norms that tell us We're giving something up. I'm also of the belief. Um, since we were talking about the the steve harvey book earlier I am one who is probably not going to put a time frame on Waiting to do something I'm gonna I need it to happen more naturally And I'm probably going to have it happen sooner than later because I am one Who can't determine if I can be in a relationship with you or not unless I know what's going to go down into bed Hello, you you may not have that chemistry now You know, I'm saying you mean I had a chemistry and I had a Raw Fusion we had One of my good friends uh sentiment. I've known her since high school and uh, we had a I like that name She's she's great. Um, and and and we had a conversation on love and relationships And you know it it she said this is what she said If we having great sex, what do we have to argue about? You know what I mean if we having great sex What in the hell are we arguing about? Which you know, if you think about it, it makes a lot of sense and in in certain aspects If you don't have a sexual chemistry, you know, it uh You can work on it and sometimes you have to because different people like different things. They're rising to zones or in different places Um, some people like oral sex. Some people don't you know, some of people like to be nibbled on their ears Some people hate it. Um, so you got to figure it out But baby, we've been trying for so long and we didn't figure this thing out here I am not gonna marry you, you know And and have this kind of shit going on for 20 30 years. It's not just it's not gonna happen. So But you know, that's a whole nother subject because There are men I'm not gonna say men. Let's just say many women are incompatible in that way and somewhere there's a shortcoming And the other one wants more And so there's a mismatch. So in the beginning of relationship, one of the partners say I can deal with it. But now we fast forward 10 15 years later This is not satisfying for me. I can't do this anymore is it's Oh It happened. It's an incompatible. So if we're nipping in the bud in the beginning Like this is not gonna work. I need more you Whatever reason it's it's not working for me at least two entanglements. Why can't At least two entanglements, right? So why is it that and and I'm gonna say this for women when me has We have the thing is like, okay. I can deal with it because I love this man You know But it comes to a point where enough it becomes enough And we're no longer can deal with it. No, not only not satisfy me. I can no longer deal with the dissatisfaction You know what I mean? And so it becomes a problem. So a lot of women A lot of women in the beginning can say, you know what it's okay. I'm we're not compatible We don't need to be together and it's fine But societies say I have to find a man that I love and I'm gonna work this out And It doesn't work. And so now people who've been married and you gotta wait before you You don't wait six months in this shit here. Oh hell no And I've been mad. Yeah, you gonna be mad I like listen listen Okay, this is not working for me. Yeah, it is. So yes, I'm done. Look, I look, you know, you know, what's your the best That's why I say if we got if we got it if we got the attraction, baby Let's get it over with first night if we're gonna figure this thing out You know what I'm saying? So if we can move forward, but I got news for you men do the same thing, you know Yeah, I was a good woman after this that you hear women say all this kind of stuff But maybe he's going to the strip club Maybe he's creeping around the corner Because he loves you but the sex ain't ain't ain't what's happening. You understand what I'm saying every Wet Gucci is not the same. So you you He want to get it from somebody else, but he still loves you, you know, I'm saying it's really hard I'm gonna tell you something is what's hard for women a lot of times is giving up the sex Maybe not so much in these days and times but what's hard for a man is giving up his heart And when a man is giving you his heart when you have broken down all of that masculine bullshit And you have gotten to the point where a man gives you his heart None of that other shit matters except for That's how he could be in love with you and cheat on you He's in love with you. That's what I was about to say Because he's not sexually satisfied So these are things that honestly and I'm not saying that's right. I'm not saying that's a good thing That's not But that may be the reason why you are beautiful You are Loving you are caring you have this great relationship But the relations Ain't what he want either. You know what I'm saying. So Exactly Right, right. So now we are Partner who was being dissatisfied. Maybe maybe the guy could have shortcomings Or maybe the woman she didn't you didn't you I'm trying to figure out if you mean by the length Or the width I'm trying to be I'm trying to be you know, uh careful my words, but I also want to say for the woman She may not give you know She may not give you know blow job. So just a blow job to a man But to some man, that's important. It's the woman doesn't do that That for them that could be a non-negotiable for him So I'm just saying he may not be satisfied in that way because maybe That turns him on more so than penetration. We don't know that's when the compatibility comes in and that's why if it can happen Naturally, who whenever it happens whenever it's time to do it I just I'm just like just do it because you need to know Like you said, you don't need to be six months down the road to be like what you don't go down Oh, no. So in another one of my movies. Oh, no, another one of my movies. Um, We have I have this line You know guys say what pussy is pussy? Pussy ain't pussy. So it It uh, it doesn't have to be just blow jobs You know each different and i'm a connoisseur. So I know um each different vagina Not just a wine april I don't even drink wine I didn't even know there was a uh pussy connoisseur Oh my We're gonna add it up to the intro. I mean what in the world? Listen, listen, listen, listen Why am I fucking it? I don't know what this women y'all know your bodies are different And if you're not if you're just in there pumping and you you know You can't you can't savor the nuances Of um a woman's body What are you doing? You just pumping. You don't know what this is what which one feels better which one, you know, you just pumping No If i'm gonna do something i'm gonna do it to the utmost if i'm gonna have sex with you I want to know exactly what makes you feel good And then how can I get myself to feel good? That's important. I want you to come before I do You know, I know bernie max said you I got mine. You better get yours. That's not how I That's not how I do it. Frankie bevel is said before I let go Hey So my thing is this Why are you having sex if you aren't a connoisseur? I mean if you only have one partner then that's that's that's understandable, but if you have Have been with more than three women And you don't know the difference Boy, you don't know what the hell you're doing. You ain't no you just you just out there pumping whatever you can pump into No, I want to know it all Gentlemen, don't be mad at me. Okay. They got to learn. They got to learn. They got to learn And how are they going to learn if we don't teach them? So, uh, I don't want you sending me no emails letters None of that shit about what's going on on this podcast. All right Now we're going to be back with more from the collaboration between Raw Fusion and the uncorked and conversation podcast Right after this If you want to check out some of our films you can do so at patreon.com Slash King B Raw Fusion. We're back as Raw Fusion and This is More from the collaboration between Raw Fusion and uncorked and conversation podcast right here on Raw Fusion Okay, well, what about the mental? What about the mental because you know with some women if they're being mentally manipulated by their man Then the performance in the big one is not going to be good and it could be the same for some men. I don't know You know, I heard it starts mental. Yeah I've I've heard of some men, you know, they've been out there. They've been around the world They've done all kinds of different women and now they're kind of settled And then they settle and end up settling with the wrong one And they think it's also settled and that person is not settled But they give their heart to this particular person and then that person Just goes off somewhere else and does other things with other people I call it mind fucking. I am going to manipulate you All right before we have sex. I'm I've already I've already fucked you if I care about you I've already fucked you mentally. I'm going to manipulate you. No, that's all too So my thing is this now you're talking about a negative manipulation And the truth of the matter is is that women do it all the time too? How many how many times you've heard a woman say you little dick motherfucker boo, you know what I'm saying So there's mental Or get mad and withhold sex because again, there's that societal norm again We're giving it up. So now if I'm mad with you, I'm gonna I'm gonna use that as the pawn I'm gonna punish myself You do that if you want to and I will be the next door banging The neighbor and then you're gonna be wondering Well, I was a good woman I was a good woman to him and he just went no, baby. We ain't gonna play them games So that's why I say when you when you are a real man, you don't have to hit your woman You don't have to yell at her. You ain't got to call her a bitch a hoe or none of that I know exactly what to do. You want to play them type of games? You will be sorry. I guarantee you Easy and I know women that do the same thing. I have been on the other side of The cheating You know, I'm the one that they cheat with okay, and see this is my thing When I want to find out because of that deep voice, I'm sure Paulette Yeah, that's too much credit paulette. It takes more than a deep voice Maybe for you Right and and the respect to mental fucking I prefer to be mentally fucked because if if I am mentally fucked and that means you are Paying attention to what my desires are There you go. Yes. Yes There you go It's mental anyway, you know Yeah, it starts here it definitely The reason why I know this Go ahead No, no, no, here's the thing we both men and women are capable of both but Women prefer if you want to get them To get in the mood it starts here in the mental We've already decided what we're going to do. How are we going to do how we feel all these internal things Yes, but for men, it's they are sensual. So they have to see it. They see it Yeah So I have a cardinal room Women have no business talking relationships. I mean you can talk it But you should never go to another woman to understand a man. That doesn't even make sense to me And I never No, I get it and I never go to I'm not going to go to one of my homeboys to try to understand a woman I'm going to talk to women So I think that a lot of times People run to their girlfriends or want to their homeboys And try to figure this shit out and you're not going to figure it out that way I've learned these things by talking to women whether they be friends of mine Whether we pillow talking after we get a guy done. I'm recording information So that if this thing hit on workout, the next woman is going to be the benefit of What I've learned here, you know, and it's okay to say that men learn you have to learn a woman Every woman is different. You have to learn that woman, but you can learn tools In order to learn different women, you know what I'm saying? So you don't and pillow talk Is one of the rules. I mean because after all is said and done You have to be able to have a conversation After after the fact, I mean if everybody's going to sleep and and then there's nothing said after Then then then you lose you lose some of the um, the the spark if I know I mean when we wake up in the morning because uh, when I get done, we go and sleep You go on to sleep I'm going to sleep. I'm putting you to sleep. I mean you go Put your ass to sleep I'm gonna work your ass out and put you to sleep So we can talk about this shit in the morning, but in the morning That is important to have those conversations, but now baby when we Just like this Lisa did say it's important to have this conversation. You just say in the morning I what was what was that comedian that said that said, uh, I think it was Richard prior he said he said he said Some something to the effect of uh, when when you fuck your woman, right? She's going to sleep And if you yeah, it was Richard prior if you get through fucking and she want to talk about drill bits You got some more fucking to do But true though Yeah Um any ladies want to plug anything that they have going on now besides the pocket ladies Owner of body mechanic massage studio Say it slow Body mechanic massage dot com is how you find me on website Facebook is facebook.com slash the body mechanics massage studio with the k You have to understand you have to put the k not to see as behind mechanic So that's how you find me on instagram. You can find me a body underscore mechanic underscore massage So then I have that for my business She is a mechanic. Thank you. She is a mechanic for your body mechanic. She's a body Listen, uh, my favorite color is red. So she got that red hair. Uh ladies and gentlemen, uh, probably a lot of gentlemen We're gonna do this now So Rita it sound like you might make him do right If you are in the Virginia area make sure you check out that body mechanic, definitely Virginia beach, yeah, definitely. I'm sure I get a lot of tours A lot of tours come in the area. So she's gonna change them definitely come check me out. She's gonna check your oil Yeah You bring don't you bring your car to the mechanic? Yeah, that's right. That's right. Gotta bring your body to the mechanic Make sure that muffler is working right. You understand what I'm saying right there on the virginia beach. You understand? Yeah, I love it anyone else Trace right thing. Well, I have I have a vintage shop. I sell men and women's clothing and accessories So I I can style you for whatever your event is and I am also on facebook under 360 vintage Also instagram at 360 vintage as well twitter at 360 vintage as well And so, yeah, I can style you for whatever event whether it's a 20s 70s whatever whatever your event I can definitely get you styled for that event And you truly will not look like anyone else in the party. You're gonna have you looking classy And everything, you know, I see her I see her background and She's got that that classic Look as dope. I love it Anyone else? Well, despite what you make it here tonight I'm what they call the marital minister praise the lord I amen Amen You know, you know, you know the bishop down one was the bishop that he comes up a bishop too, you know To each his own But no, I I'm a welling officiant Um, and I am a premarital marital transitional counselor as well. So um, also in, um, Virginia beach, but I do offer, uh, virtual counseling so I can counsel you Anywhere in the 50 states of the united states of america Hmm And I see you over there with that little uh slash in your hair You know, I'm saying I don't know about I am not gonna put up what you be an america counselor because you by yourself Gonna have some men looking the wrong way. You understand what I'm saying? So I'm just keeping the 100 you know, uh Ladies you better be secure in your own self Going I'm just kidding I don't play that. No There you go You better you better be on your peas and cues when you go talk to her Right now I want to miss you, you know marriage is your thing But you can find me on an april spare.com. That's my um parent company name is a in ap r i l aff a i r Dot com My Yes, I'm linda white actor voice actor executive coach and uh, you can reach me for bookings At phenom uncorked at gmail dot com. That's phenom effison frank and is a nancy o m uncorked like our show at gmail dot com And you can also reach me on clubhouse at linda g white I don't know if she's slipping to drink somewhere Uh, because I see the other ladies drinking and I don't think I seen you take a sip Uh, you always tell me I'm uncorked You know, I mean you Who made you Came up with the name of this drunk ass podcast. It's what I want We all did I think it was you We drink responsibly There you go ladies We treat responsibly because of covet we home Yeah, we're not going into that don't mean you can get all drunk and shit on the podcast. I'm just saying No, I'm good. These ladies are I didn't mention. I'm sorry that my manager is also on this podcast with us paulette That's the problem right there. Book me. You can reach her at that same email. She the problem right there that paulette. Is that paulette there? Okay, so she won I'm the talent manager. I'm also a trainer I'm also a general contractor so I can build you a home as well So, you know, just look for us at phenom uncorked. That's right Yes, see that's the she's been building houses for over 20 years now. Yeah That's it. Well, you got a woman that can build a house She ain't worried about you or your shit. You know what I'm saying? I don't build me a home Give me a plethora of land and I'ma build my own house. You can have this little old shithole here. You got I'm finna go. I'm leaving give me give my bags. I'm leaving my house gonna be built by tomorrow So to hell with you I I do Well, maybe if you decide to come out of that cold 10-foot snow up there in Chicago down to some tropical weather in virginia Then you might be able to find yourselves playing to buy This is what we're not gonna do. Uh, no, no Chicago I rep chicago born and raised And even if I go To mars. I'm still rep in chicago. What virginia? You do that you do that's what you're supposed to do It's time to talk some shit With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast I want to thank the ladies of uncorked and conversation podcast. That was truly fun Like I said, it went two hours long. We don't do two hours around here. So You can check it out in the Exclusive content if you want to hear more from this collaboration. It's good to talk about relationships Especially when you do it with someone from the opposite sex, but here's a word of warning if that person has Other motives then you might want to question somebody advice Question not not totally discard but question some of that advice But if three or four people are saying the same thing Well, it might be time to listen to that advice. I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion