Lot of shit going on this week. Let's talk about it. Raw Fusion. Let's get raw. A typical night at the clubs. Let's get raw. You don't want to fall in love. Let's get raw. You got the fusion in your blood. Let's get raw. Into my ladies and my thugs. Let's get raw. Into the haters on the scene. Let's get raw. Gonna be mad cause we got green. Let's get raw. You should be trying to make the team. Let's get raw. Cause we taking everything. Let's get raw. Raw Fusion. Yo what's up ladies and gentlemen. King B right here. We are doing something different yet. Normally we have a guest. Pull a guest in. Have a conversation. Have a hot topic. And that would be easy to do this week as well. Sometimes we have several guests. I got a list of people that's coming up. Doing this this way kind of reminds me of when I started this show. Back at Cable Access. And there are less loopholes and things to go through now. With this format. And that's why I like it so much. I can change it up and it is what it is. You know this show goes all over the world. But it does have a very quote unquote Americanized feel. You know we got listeners in Canada, France, Spain, Austria, Romania, Japan, Botswana, Nigeria. It's all over. And I appreciate each and every one of you guys. But you know growing up here is a little interesting. Sometimes I wonder if you all get our news and what you guys think of what goes on over here. This is the real though. I had no intention to talk about quote unquote race. So much in this show. Not nearly as much as I end up doing as I will today. So as I have done in some of the exclusive content that yes you subscribe if you want to support the show and then there's some stuff there that doesn't make it out here where everyone can hear. I'm not inviting a guest today. It's you and me. We're going to talk. And there's a lot to talk about. Rachel Nichols and Maria Taylor, which is fine by the way. Maria is fine. They're both on ESPN. Apparently there was a remote video camera setup in Rachel's hotel room and it was on when it was supposed to be off. Or at least Rachel thought it was. It picked her up saying some manner of things. See when we do this NBA thing right now ABC this year has the finals. They have a show called NBA countdown right before the games start. And right now Maria is the host. Apparently that was promised to Rachel and Rachel was pissed about it. And so she goes on to say it would be so much easier if I felt comfortable playing the audio. But I don't. Because it is kind of intrusive. It's very intrusive actually. But it's also out there and it should be talked about. I have heard the video though. So what's being said as she said is accurate. She says I wish Maria Taylor all the success in the world. She covers football. She covers basketball. If you need to give her more things to do because you are feeling pressure about your crappy long time record on diversity which by the way I know personally from the female side of it like go for it just find it somewhere else. You are not going to find it for me or take my thing away. That was from a private conversation that again the camera was still rolling or recording or able to be accessed and that audio was recorded. Here's the thing ladies and gentlemen. This is interesting because it's multi layered. A lot of people don't know what really goes on behind the scenes of television radio all these sorts of things because it's kind of a large scale situation that essentially is mimicked in well what some would call smaller scale situations. When you go into a restaurant or when you go into a business and they have someone to greet the people you expect them to have a good attitude or at least put on the front and if they don't there's a problem often. That's what I would liken it to when you're in the media when you're on TV when you're in film when you're on the radio when you're doing all sorts of things. See life happens and there are a lot of other things that go on behind the scenes of these things. I'm starting a campaign to do a documentary on mental health and of course you can donate we'll put some information out there for you to do so and it's appreciated but you know I went through a two year depression wasn't so certain what was going on either and yet I kept a smile on my face and you wouldn't have known it unless you really really know me. You wouldn't have known it. I also liken it to what's going on on television a lot of the times. People are expected to put on the front. They're expected to look a certain way. They're expected to do their job and look like they're happy doing it. They call cut and they're pissed off mad about this that and the other sometimes and sometimes last shit goes on behind the scenes. Apparently Rachel was promised that hosting spot on the NBA countdown for the finals. A lot of social injustice went on last year. Shit still having a residual effect. But like I said I'm talking about race a lot more than I really would like to but it is what it is. So flash forward and Maria is the host. Here's the problem. When I first read this I saw it as Rachel as many of you because I know there's different kinds of people that listen to this show probably had saw it as Rachel really going on about what's happening what's happened at ESPN. And really taking shots at ESPN in that problem with diversity. But see the reason why so many people are mad about what she said and mad at Rachel and the reason why it goes on to explain that Maria doesn't want to talk to her to Rachel doesn't want to work with her and Malika Andrews is taking the secondary spot from Rachel that she would have on the floor before the games live interactions with Maria and also with players. But because Maria does not want to have anything to do with Rachel Malika Andrews is taking over. Now if someone were to say that that's again ESPN having a problem with diversity so they picked Malika Andrews who she actually does a very good job. You starting to see where I'm going here because she's dark skin. Well she's yellow but you know and Maria is dark skin and Rachel is quote unquote what some people would call quote unquote white. And I kind of felt like I really don't know any of these people personally so I can't really comment on what the intention was but see this is the problem because a lot of times people who they call white don't get the undertones that they're talking about when they are talking sometimes because I can completely see why she would say that and believe that she's going against ESPN's policies or internal racism and not see that what she said can be interpreted as racist itself. See because if you say that she's getting the job because she is which who knows but if you are saying that she got the job because of her skin color because she is what they would call black then you're kind of discrediting all of the good work that she does. It's saying that she's not deserving of that position based on the merit of what she does it's because of her skin color. They got to fix their image so they get the black girl and kick the white girl out. The fact that the so-called black girl may be better than you. She certainly to me looks better and I know it sounds sexist but the truth of the matter is again sex sells and well how many unattractive people have you seen on TV? You know why? Because they try to get people on TV that look a certain way because people will turn off or they're at least afraid that people will turn off the set if the person isn't somewhat attractive at least for females that's very true. So to say that she got the job because they're trying to fix their diversity problems it's kind of saying that that's the reason why she got the job over you and is it true? Is that the way they think over there ESPN? I don't know but you're still saying that she kind of didn't deserve it and she got it because she was black that if she was so-called white and it were them two up for that job Rachel would have gotten it not that Maria's hard work or her proficiency at the job isn't the reason why she got it. You know it's very competitive in this business you know sometimes they only give you one spot they give you a spot for females they give you a spot for the so-called black guy they give you a spot. I've always said that it's very interesting if you look at these shows you tend to believe there's a lot of diversity there but what we're not privy to see most of the time is the diversity behind the scenes in the executive offices in the producer positions the ones that make the decisions moreover if you look at it a lot of diversity comes from athletes who play in sports whereas the reporters or the commentators or the analysts a lot of them that are so-called white have no experience in professional sports at all not all of them but a lot of them a lot more than so-called black even men who not saying they aren't any but there are a lot less who never played professional sports meaning a lot of that diversity is really getting people who have built a name for themselves in sports not people who have built a name for themselves in analytics or analyzing or reporting so you got a bunch of so-called white guys sitting around here talking about sports like they're an authority and they have no background in sports as a player and then all the so-called black guys well most of them are former players so they get to sit around and talk about it without having any experience but when it comes to us you got to have some experience but to just looking at it and not knowing who these people are it seems very diverse doesn't it so the criteria in the bar is different then you add the component of women and they got one spot maybe two spots and then you have women almost fighting each other for that one position am I saying that Rachel is a racist I don't know but that was sure insensitive and that's why the shit hit the fan to say that it wasn't her talent and these people hardcore and it's supposed to be it's a very tough business for anyone any color in a gender it's a tough business to be on TV and stay there for a long time so you kind of got to be aggressive so I'm not faulting her for that or for fighting for her job or her position that she feels that she deserves I get it but to kind of say that you know you got the position because they're trying to clean up their act and it's because of your color you got it and not because you're like dope that's why she's being pegged as a racist that's why there's a big bad glass that's why the shit is hitting the fan and some of y'all just don't get it till after you say it maybe and then you probably still don't get it because your attention was to indict ESPN and not Maria but she got hit in the crossfiace.com there's a new place to find Raw Fusion Raw Fusion.net gain access to everything Raw Fusion along with information and value you may not find anywhere else that's Raw Fusion Raw Fusion scary richerson well this week they were talking about whether she could still make the relays the individual competition was not in the cards she received a one month suspension but it would have been up in time for the relays in the olympics however the people who picked the team decided to not put cicari on the relay team you know some people were upset about that there are morons going around with the petition as if that's going to change anything there are others who are more moronic they say you should boycott the olympics and not watch me personally I'm going to watch Simone Biles arguably the greatest olympian ever she certainly has more medals already and she hasn't even hit this olympics yet it's going to be competing I'm going to watch I'm going to cheer for her she didn't do anything wrong nor did any of the other ones who are going to be competing sometimes you just got to own that shit I get it and I'm very sympathetic to her that cicari she was going through a trying time in her life by losing someone so yeah I get it but you knew the rules as she stated she owned it well it's the sideline mother fuckers who maybe haven't gone through those type of things that she went through or have not been an athlete or don't follow sports or don't know what it takes to become a champion that has a lot of bullshit to say if she don't learn we don't watch all this kind of shit fuck you she owned it and that's what she should have done she handled herself in a very professional manner in doing so you all are handling yourself in a very ghetto ass manner by saying she should run anyway no she shouldn't and we don't know where her mental health state is as I said before in the podcast last week maybe she needs this time to heal herself mentally it's important mental health is important doesn't make you weak because you take some time out for your mental health it actually makes you stronger it's easy to let people push you into shit when you need some time to heal sometimes it's difficult to stare down the possibility of becoming a gold medalist in the Olympics and then just take time I don't know if she wants the time I don't know what she needs but I know that if I were making the decision I would have to think is she healed enough that she doesn't go back to smoke some more weed you know we're out in Tokyo and oops she fails another test it's something I have to consider people again want to bring race and all this other shit into it quite frankly other people have gotten a longer suspension timing is a bitch but when people have gotten a longer suspension you want to ignore that when she only got a month and you want to ignore everything except for the color of her skin and then say it's racial you know the color here is that green that she smoked or purple anyway I'm sorry I think they did what they had to do for the team and I don't see anything wrong with that therefore I don't see a reason not to watch the Olympics in support the other runners the other participants the basketball team the gymnastics team plenty of teams plenty of people of different colors that will be competing and will like your support and you're a fucking moron if you think that we should not support those people as hard as they work to get there because one person smoked a blunt or however she did believe we'll be back with more of our future if you want to check out some of our films you can do so at patreon.com slash King B in an effort to make this episode not so serious we were talking on my other podcast Comic Cool we were talking about Marvel versus DC and I was saying to a couple other who wanted to bring up points that had nothing to do with my statement Howard the Duck and the other Blade series have nothing to do with the MCU the MCU started as I said with Iron Man and if you go and google that and just say what is the first movie in the MCU it will say as I said my other point was that I believe that the quote unquote Snyderverse would have been saved with one movie that movie was a Ben Affleck Batman movie think about it the Joker kills Robin that's a movie in and of itself we go through that whole thing you can have the Jared Leto Joker and if he is indeed the Joker that we saw in the Justice League opposed to the one that we saw in Suicide Squad I think that's a great then you have the marketing campaign for the movie to say no this isn't the Dark Knight series Batman this is an older grumpier interesting Batman and I think people would have gone to see that what is this who is this let's see this you can prepare people to be like I want to see that as opposed to who the fuck is this when it comes to watching Batman vs Superman so then after the Superman movie you put the Batman movie then you have Batman vs Superman which puts Batman vs Superman in a totally different context and light and then when you do that you can continue on to go to the Justice League yes it's a step more maybe putting if you keep the same director then that's probably putting him out another two years from the Justice League but I don't think you have the cluster fuck reacting to audiences responses saying oh this Batman is too grumpy when you tell them this is a grumpy Batman and here's a Batman that you can enjoy with a great storyline and then at the end of the Batman movie you use the beginning of Batman vs Superman which is the ending of the Superman movie from Batman's perspective that's how you end the Batman movie then once you end the Batman movie you go into Batman vs Superman I think you win but if you're in a rush to get to Justice League because the Avengers did so well well you're making a mistake you have to also understand that the Avengers movie came after a series of movies in the MCU there was a lot of them that setup was important and the reason why the Avengers did as well as it did in the box office they just rush it and start and do one movie and then run into the Avengers movie which is the mistake that DC and Warner Brothers did that's why you have all kinds of shit and none of them connect now because they didn't take their time to do the shit right do the shit right go with the right people do it right the first time and get out of the way of the artist if you're in the studio that's what you should do it's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast I really wish we didn't end up talking about race as much because my personal belief I don't believe in race in the conventional sense I believe that if you believe in the bible and everyone on this planet came from two people so how are they different races of people humans it's one race human there are different cultural differences different places people come from but you know I'm born and raised in Chicago I identify with Chicago I represent Chicago but to say that I'm a Chicagoan and that means I'm a different race from you is the dumbest thing in the world like I'm a Chicago race really so that means you are your race is attached to a geographical location so that's what I hear when I hear Italians and Africans and when I hear the words Irish Mexican, Puerto Rican all that kind of shit everything Chinese okay that's where you come from but that doesn't make you a different race you're not a different race you're all one race you may have a tribal kind of identification just like I have one in saying that I'm a Chicagoan but that doesn't make you a different race and it was races idiots, dumbasses that came up with saying that this is a different race and he did that to cause destruction, division problems that we're living with for centuries since Raw Fusion is Raw Fusion we bring a lot of things together and sometimes it's not as smooth how we put it together because it's not supposed to we stick it in there together and fuse it all together and that's the way I like this show that's the reason why I like being able to do many different things one show may go one complete way the other one may have ups and downs and twists and turns and the other one may just have me talking to you in the microphone like this one and that when you pull up this race bullshit and you attack people for the color of their skin especially if that color resembles mine hell yeah I'm a fight and hell yeah I got some shit to say but that doesn't mean that I don't love all people all different kinds of people I don't love all people some of you motherfuckers I swear to god y'all lucky I'm not a dictator but all kinds of people all colors of people I care about you guys all different colors of people I love people from different colors I'm not going to stop but when your finger hurts your pinky finger you slam it in the door right you don't sit there and say well my pinky's broken but I have to take care of all of the fingers the same way sometimes you have to put extra attention on that pinky until it heals then you go back to treating all of them the same way and that's what I do that does not mean other people other colors of people that means that there's been injustice done to some section of the population because of the color of their skin and those are the people that we need to heal right now and then we're back to harmony just as once that pinky is healed your hand has harmony again I appreciate each and every one of you that listens to my show every week and I'm working hard to make a good show every week now and I don't care about your color I'm here to help people they have set up these systems to divide us and here at Raw Fusion I'm here to bring us together Raw Fusion