Listenin' party is back, it's Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Why have I heard and listened to your shit? I'm listening. Ladies and gentlemen, what's up? It's King B. We're doing it again, listening party. And today, I have an artist that's been just kicking ass in the game for a very long time. His name is Slick J. Adams. What's up bro? Word of life, what's up King? I'm chilling brother, how you feeling bro? Man, same here man, chilling. We up early, we at it, we getting it. Honored to be on your show brother. Honored, truly honored man. Seriously, it's honored to have you on the show man. It's a, man I love talking to people who are professional, who, it's like legendary status man, you know what I'm saying? In Chicago dog, let me tell you something, you're talking about some stepper records. Boy, you better go holler at Slick. Because you ain't talked about those stepper records until you talk to Slick. Hey man, you know the funny thing is bro, I don't even know how to step, right? What? But just being from Chicago man and letting the vibe and the spirit of Chicago move me musically when I'm producing and writing this music, you know what I'm saying? And that's what you get, you know what I'm saying? Like I don't even know how to step. In Chicago, we got such a strong vibe, bro. You know, whatever it is, if it's drill, if it's whatever kind of music it is, you know, our vibe man, it just seeks through. So shout out to all the real steppers out there. Appreciate the love, you know what I mean? For sure, for sure. Like me, now see I know how to step. And that's crazy because a lot of people figure, cause you know I'm 6'6 and you know, my big ass on the dance floor. They don't think I know how to do it, but I can step, been doing all that shit man, you know what I'm saying? Since I was in the music industry, so hey, bro, you know what I'm saying? You gonna have to get to you. You get your Montell Jordan on, huh man? This is how we do it, this is how we do it. That's right, that's right, that's right. This is how we do it, game. Yo, word. Hey, man, I wanna just kick this thing off right quick. We gonna get into this record, man. it was like super big, super big bro. It's called So Good. Slick Jake Adams, right here, O.R. Fusion. Yeah, yeah. I don't know what you did, but you did it right. Girl, you make it look so easy. I, everywhere you go, it's turning left and right. Can't say you a dime, you're a 20 piece. Cause girl, you're holding it down everywhere. Wanna check, cause you're sick. I'm just taking a look so good. Slick Jake Adams is so good. Man, what really inspired you to do this record, bro? Man, same thing, inspire all us brothers to approach a beautiful woman when we see her, man. You know, we can't think of shit to say, you just say, damn, babe, why you got a look so good? You know, we come off lame, then I'm off. You know, excuse my French. But hey, you know, woman knows she wants you to. Yeah, yeah, woman knows she wants you the first time she see you. So no matter what you say, long as you don't say the wrong thing, you good and that's what inspired that record, man. Why you got a look so good? All the beautiful women that, you know, I come across on a daily, whether I'm performing or just at the grocery store, the gas pump, whatever. You know, just shout out to all the beautiful ladies. And they responded, man. That was a, that was a big record, bro. Let's get into your career a bit, bro. So you started out with a group, right? Yeah, I started out with a group straight at high school. Probably was in a million groups from, from, from the moment I started singing, everybody wanted to be a group back in the late nineties, early 2000s. Cause that's what it was. You know, you had the one 12s, the Jagged Edges and all them cats. And I met up with some brothers, man, from out West cause I was from our South Englewood South side and some high school, you know, the top nine and nine was the shit. You know what I mean? And, man, I was, we was fortunate enough to have the intro to the bad boys, top nine and nine. We had that joint and we was signed with Frank Thomas label of the white socks. There we go. Man, we just, you know, we was doing our thing, man. Wrapping for the city. Yeah. I remember that time, man. That was crazy. Like he was playing for the socks South side and he put out the record label, man. And he actually grabbed Chicago talent, man, which was, you know, big ups to Frank, man. Cause big ups to Frank, man. Yeah, he could have got them Hollywood cats and everything, but now he went and got people from the city. So, man, you can't do nothing but honor that, bro. Can't do nothing but honor that, man. He opened the door, took me out the hood, man. You know? Took me out the hood and what, and I don't mean like financially. I mean like just showing me what the world was like and it motivated me to change my life. So big shout out to Frank. Yeah, definitely. Shout out to the white socks. They're doing pretty good right now. So let's keep it going. You know what I'm saying? Gotta beat them North side boys. You know what I mean? I'm South side to the heart. Oh yeah. I got a song called Addicted. Of course, mine is probably, well, it certainly is a lot more nasty than this, but, Hey man, it do you. That's all I'm saying. Do you, baby. We're gonna check out Slick J. Adams, Addicted, right here. Oh baby, I know that you're here with me and everything, but since you just left a few hours ago, I've just been going crazy. And I don't come to realize one thing. I miss you. Must be some kind of drug, baby. Cause it just keeps on calling me. Calling. And I just need a hit of your tech. Addicted, Slick J. Adams in the listening party. Yeah, yeah. So now you're in the group. What made you decide to be a solo artist? Nothing really, man. Everybody just, life took its toll. We found out the music business wasn't easy, even with money behind you. A lot of things happened for us real fast, cause we was touring, opening up for a lot of the major acts that were out at that time. And we led a life of celebrities and superstars. And again, we was only like 15, 16. So it was a lot. And what wound up happening, man, guys started going in separate ways, man. One of my best friends who was in the group, unfortunately lost his life to a car accident around that time. Sorry to hear that. And it was just, you know, a lot of different things that played part and what wound up happening for me is, you know, I still love music. So I never wanted to go solo. I just had to keep doing what I love to do. You gotta keep pushing, man. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. When people fail to realize that, you know, business, no matter where it is in this business, life still happens. You know what I mean? People, I don't know how they see us as just caricatures or whatever, but when you're not on the mic, when you're not in front of the camera, whatever it is, life is going on still for us. You know what I'm saying? You may be as a viewer, as a listener, you may be seeing, you know, the videos and you're stuck there. When we've done that video and we've moved on and we're still having life go on while you're still listening to something we did whenever ago. So shit happens, man. And you have to, sometimes you have to just pick up and keep moving, man. And you know, it's more the life than just the entertainment business we have. Yes, sir. You know, we have other dreams, aspirations, all kinds of shit. You know, people keep getting on me about doing another movie. And it's like, yeah, I'm gonna get there. But you know what I'm saying? I got some other shit I wanted to do too. You know what I'm saying? Open up the store, thengcity.com. And just some other things that I had before, before I even got into the business or even knew that I wanted to be in the business. There was other aspirations I wanted to do as well. So we're gonna get back there. But you know, shit, shit happens, man. You know what I'm saying? But you got to keep moving through this thing called life. Yeah, that's the thing. Keep moving. And I was just fortunate, man, that I never was trying to make it. And still not, you know, everything I do is, people find it hard to believe, but I just love music. I got a guess. And so I use it. You know what I'm saying? It's not even about being famous or being some popular dude, cause I'm so real, man. I never had a problem getting women with or without singing or any of that. So, you know, like what's a lot of cats motivation is in mind. So I just do everything from a real place. And it finds its way. You know what I'm saying? It finds its way. You got to sing or something to get some pussy. Yeah, you know. And me, I'm such a passionate motherfucker, man. And I love challenges. So even to this day, if I meet a female, the last thing I'm gonna do is sing. Cause I'm gonna meet her as me. And I love that challenge. You know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. I've had moments where I meet women at my shows and things of that nature. That's different. But just on a regular, just in a regular motherfucking, your average corner tavern or a lounge or club. And I'm, you know, just testing to see what I got. See, you know what I'm saying? I love that challenge more so than anything. You know what I'm saying? It's like later on, they might, oh man. And then I just put icing on top of a already done iced out cake, you know? I mean. I'm different, man. I'm different. I'm totally different, bro. No, me too, me too. Cause I don't, I don't, you know, when I first started doing TV, it was funny because I would get people that would like stop. You know what I'm saying? I remember I was out in the garage one time and a dude actually pulled up and stopped and he looked at me. He said, I know you. I said, do you? You know what I'm saying? He's like, did you go to high school? And you just named the high school? Nah, I didn't go there. No, I know you from somewhere. I said, okay. I don't know, bro. I'd be around. You know what I'm saying? People are so quick, you know what I'm saying? To think that, you know, hell I forgot that I was on TV. You know what I'm saying? I'm so excited, man. You know what I'm saying? So people started looking at me. I'm like, what you want to do? You know what I'm saying? Like I'm gonna have to remind myself that you on TV, dog. And they don't know, you know what I'm saying? If you're approachable or not. So then I had to calm down, you know. Okay, cool. Cause my first reaction was like, what's up? You know what I'm saying? What? What? But that's just being humble when you like that. You know, when I'm approaching a woman, I'm not, hey, I'm King B, blah, blah, blah, blah, shit. You know what I'm saying? It's like- Yeah, that's lame as hell, man. It is. It really is, man. That's lame as fuck, man. I just, that ain't my motherfucking thing, man. When I hear that coming from catch, man. I lose an ounce of respect, only on the fact that real motherfuckers don't do that. You know, if you're a millionaire, you ain't walking, I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? Baby, I got 1.3, what you want to be. You know what I'm saying? Come on. I ain't for the walk-up to no broad. I'm saying, good morning, baby, and all that bullshit. You know what I'm saying? Like, who does that, man? So for me, man, I just love the challenge, bro. You know what I'm saying? I used to lie to women like, and I'm gonna keep it 100, yo, right, my neck kind of. You know, just cause I, you know, I'm always studying women. I'm studying, you know, what works, what don't work. You know what I'm saying? Just the challenges. And you know, I can't lie, man. I would be lying if I said, probably 90% of the time I'll walk away victorious. You know, cause you got your tan and it just, it ain't for you. You know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. But see, that's when you really, when you're really real, you know what I'm saying? It's like, you know, when you real and you got, I don't wanna call it game, but some people will say got game or whatever. But if you study women, you really get into women's psyche. I had five women on the show last week and we were just talking about relationships and shit. And it's like, I study women, man. So, you know, by the time I get to it, you know, I'm not already mind, fuck the woman and everything, you know what I'm saying? So all that other shit, you know what I'm saying? I know women. I was doing this way before I ever got on TV, whatever this shit is. So this is what I do. So now either you're gonna be attracted to me, or you're gonna be attracted to what I do. You know what I'm saying? And if you're attracted to what I do, I'm not really that interested as if you attracted to me. You know what I'm saying? So I feel you on that one, bro. I feel you on that one. And a lot more people in the game. The business, I should say, should be like that. But I know some cats that, and they try to push that out there. And then when that's what they go for, they all upset. Oh, she just want me for my money. She want me because I'm on it. Well, fool, you the one that pushed that out there for her to see first. You know what I'm saying? So. Right, right. What else you expected to do? Some other funny shit. I always hear, you know, after I've gotten it, right? No, fucker. You know, because everybody got they little sneak this hating shit. And they don't even recognize it, but they'll say some shit like, oh yeah, man, you know, you're gonna always get the women because you can sing. And I just had to remind them. I said, well, if you had a lot of money in a nice car, you only getting them off of it because you got a nice car. We all need a reason, don't you know what I'm saying? Like cats, cats so lame, man. They look at what we do and forget. You know what I'm saying? That you just got to be yourself, man. It's some easy shit, you know what I'm saying? Cause a woman know they want you the moment they see you, whether you got a nice car, whether you broke, whether you acting, whether you got a podcast, whether you tall, short, whatever. When a woman first see you, she know what it is. It's up to us to fuck it up, you know? A lot of cats, you know, they just say cut like that. And you know, I wish them the best, but I appreciate them cause they make it better for me, you know? And it's so goddamn easy, man. You know what I'm saying? Especially cause there's a lot of fools out here. I understand that, you know what I'm saying? You can't believe how many people say, well, you got love scenes in your movie cause you can get, you know, you try to get with the women. Though I was doing this, I've been doing this since kindergarten cause, you know what I'm saying? I've been getting girls since kindergarten cause that is not, okay. Well, that makes you feel better, you know what I'm saying? And go ahead on it and think that, but me and the female know the difference. So, you know, it is what it is. Yeah, man. Shout out to all the lame cats, man. I appreciate you. Shout out, shout out, shout out right now, you know what I'm saying? Motivation. Yeah, I appreciate them, man, you know? I wouldn't go as hard if it wasn't for those that don't support that talk that shit, you know what I'm saying? I might not go as hard, you know what I'm saying? So, y'all just making me better. I appreciate you. I appreciate you. Gratitude, gratitude, respectfully, you know what I mean? Gratitude. Well, all right, so we're gonna take a quick break, but we're gonna be back with more Slick Jay Adams in the listening party right here, Raw Fusion. Now streaming on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. I'm not giving myself up so easy, so quick. I know we're adults, we could do this and I understand all of that. However, if I'm looking for something that I feel is going to last, because maybe I feel like I'm in my past, when I go there too fast, then it's gone. These other men were more whatever it is to you that you gave it up to them fast, and now you bring your ass to me, and because I'm the upstanding man that you really want, instead of rewarding me with what I want, you're gonna make me wait and work for it, and you didn't make them wait and work for it. So why in the hell would I wanna be with you after that? Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion. Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast, wherever you get your podcasts. Raw Fusion. Now, this next record, bro. Well, let's get into the record first. Then we'll talk about it. It's your body right here, Slick J. Adams, on. Let me tell you. Hey there, sexy lady, a match. Can I have you here, etching your bar Bout to fulfill your fantasies? So come on, let's rush it. This one's for the steppers. It's your body, Slick J. Adams right here. Raw Fusion, hey man. So I remember when you first came out solo, you were slick. Now you added the J. Adams to it. What was the reason why you kind of changed up a little bit? A few things, man. One was growth and two was business. And as you grow, you learn the business. You know what I mean? So for me, the reason I always kept the name Slick because that's the name the hood know me. You know what I mean? Where I'm from, slick, whoa, slick, whoa, slick, whoa. So my thing was, you know, when I blow up, you know what I'm saying? I want everybody to know it's me. And a lot of cats in the hood didn't even know my real name. You know, you got your few you went to school with and things of that nature that know your real name. But for the majority, cats just know a nickname. Girls just know a nickname, you know what I'm saying? They might know where you live, but don't know your real name, you know? So for me, I was keeping that name, Slick, and I was gonna run with it. But then I start growing and looking at the analyzing my music, the people that it was reaching, the genre. And I said, you know what? If somebody took my portfolio and I'm gonna keep it a hundred and just do it on Oprah Winfrey desk, she might say, Slick, what's that? And that was my bottom line. So I didn't wanna drop Slick, right? And just be Jay Adams. Because then it's like, now I didn't build the whole brand and nobody. So I just took a page out of Sean Puffy Combs and added a whole name, you know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. I just added my real name to my stage name. And it works. Yeah, yeah. That brings me to another question, bro. Do you ever feel like music is always changing? You know what I'm saying? And I will say this, you have a very old school musical vibe, you know what I'm saying? Right. As the person and just talking with you, you know what I'm saying? You're a very young cat, but it's like, you know what I'm saying? Your musical vibe is kind of like a throwback a lot of the time. Yeah. Do you ever feel the pressure to update or to bring something in this new style of music? No, never. And the reason being, because I listen to today's music all the time, you know what I'm saying? Like when I'm in a car, I'm listening to Money Bag, yo. That's my favorite rapper right now. You know what I'm saying? I'm bumping young Dolf. I'm listening to Black Youngster. And the reason I don't feel pressure with my art and my music, because believe it or not, I'm in the studio, I'm making those kind of records. But you know what I'm saying? Do I really put them out? You know what I'm saying? Is it fitting under the brand that I've created? So for me, I don't really feel pressured about it because you might just one day hear a record with me. You know what I'm saying? Doing whatever it is I feel at that moment and feel like if the timing is right, let me drop this right now kind of song on. But as far as the me being old school and the sound, it's just me, number one, sticking to my roots in what I started with, which is R&B. You know what I'm saying? And my duty is what I feel with R&B is to push the genre forward and not fall victim into trying to do what everybody else is doing. So when you hear a soulful song from me and the reason people feel it the way they do because it's real. It's just me standing flat footed, you know what I'm saying? In front of a mic and singing. And that's really the core of who I am. So I never feel pressured. So you know what? Let me release some of these trap records I got. And I believe that they dope and I believe that they great. You know what I'm saying? But just the core of who I am, man, I'm a singer. Like I'm literally that guy that when you think of music or a matter of fact, if you think of just a singer, whether it's the guy on the block, whether it's the guy on the A.O. platform, whether you know what I'm saying? It's the guy in the church on Sunday. I'm just a singer. So I don't feel no pressure because I just always try to remain true to who I am. You know what I'm saying? And by me being able to, like I say, be a fan of the current music. Because I ain't just, I ain't right listening to the temptations. But one thing about the music that I've released just even on a, I'ma drop a jewel on your show. That music never play out. So while a lot of cats who drop those same songs probably when I released these songs you're playing, you might not see them getting booked on a show. But if you follow my social media, you're gonna see people still booking me. And it ain't because I just dropped the record. Right, right, right. It's because the music that I did release, it's timeless. It's like those songs never get old. No matter how many times you play your body, no matter how many times you play addicted, it always feels like right now. Even though it's got that throwback, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you go in the club, if they fit a closed the doors and put everybody out, they gonna play one of them records. If you barbecuing like Memorial Day and people just having a good time, one of them records gonna come on. And so I don't feel no pressure when I know I'm really making timeless music, bro. And it's a blessing because I didn't try to, you know what I'm saying? You know, of course anything you do, like when you're directing films and movies, you start out to do one thing, but then you discover something else. You know what I'm saying? So I started out, yeah, just being me and then I started discovering, wow, this shit. It's 10 years later and they want me to perform. I'm like, man, I got new records. I wanna perform. No, no, no, no. We booking you because we wanna hit your body. You know what I'm saying? Right, right, right. I'm like, wow, that's dope. You know what I'm saying? So no, I feel no pressure because the money keep coming. I mean, I get interviews from cast like you and it ain't because I just released the new mixtape. You know what I'm saying? You asked me, hey, you got something new. So no, not that I wanna release. Right, yeah. But the fact that you even reached for me, you know what I'm saying? It's that timeless music. So no pressure here, man. I would encourage all artists to stay true to themselves because, man, it works. Yeah, that style of music. Is it something that you were, when you were coming up it's something that was played in the house all the time? Oh yeah, no question. No question, man. I mean, I'm sure you could relate to the same thing, Ken, you know what I'm saying? Like when we was coming up, that was the kind of music. It was about love. You know what I'm saying? You know, we had the Dr. Dre's and the NWA's and the Tupac's and Big E's and, but even when that shit went off, you still had that other music playing. So yes, it's no question. My old man used to play, he DJ too. And he used to play jazz and life of me. I love jazz to this day. You know what I'm saying? When you're a kid and you're playing, it's like, oh man, he playing that shit again. But man, when that gets in you, bro, and then, you know, he also used to play Johnny Guitar Watson, and that's one of my favorite brothers to play. Ain't that a mother for ya? Yeah, yeah, man. You know, that little funk beyond the color. Yeah, man, think about it, man. Think about, like, where we at, bro? I never was around to hit Marvin Gaye records. I mean, that was before my time. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? The temptations and all them cats. But it still made it to our era. You know what I'm saying? We still know about Johnny Guitar Watson, and we was nowhere on that fucking planet. You know what I'm saying? Right, yeah. So for me, the blueprint is simple. Like, that's the shit that works forever. Like, I'll give you the dopest example, man. Like, so I said, a dick that came out like 2010, bro. And I'm at botches. There's a bad little botch in there, man. She just serving drinks, and she comes to me. She said, you slick? I said, yeah, I'm slick. She said, man, I love your song. Addicted. I'm like, oh, that's dope. Cool. And we get to chopping it up. And I said, how old are you? She said, I'm 23. So in my mind, when Addicted was released, he was fucking 12. You weren't thinking about a song like that. Right, right, right. But she becomes a woman, and now I'm one of her favorite artists. You can't make this shit up. Like, that's, you know what I'm saying? It's like us knowing about Marvin Gaye and all those cats. When we grow older, we appreciate, oh, okay. So this lady was a fucking kid probably when they never listened to my music, grew older. And now she feeling like a woman, right? She feeling like she wanna be loved. She's feeling like she, you know what I'm saying? And I'm one of her playlist people now. You know what I'm saying? And so that's when I started seeing like the amazing shit like, yo, I ain't really gotta, I mean, I don't wanna be behind the times, but at the same time, you know what I'm saying? I ain't fall from where I need to be when it comes to displaying my art. And it's like, you can't make this shit up, man. Like I couldn't, I didn't even think about this kind of shit came when I was writing them songs. I was just thinking of whatever I was feeling. But I didn't know like, you know, 10 years from now, people can still be listening to me. You got to be a motherfucker food to think like that. You feel me? Yeah, yeah. So, hey man, it's just what it is. It's a lot of gang giving, man. I hope somebody listening to this free game, bro. Yeah, you know, I mean, that's what we do. We get free game around here. You know what I'm saying? That's what I'm fusing. I try to teach and educate, you know what I'm saying? It was funny because, you know, good times been around for so many years, but. Right, right. And I met, I met Thelma, the actress Thelma. It's like, wow. You know what I'm saying? Cause again, we forget that people go on with their life. Now she's still fine. She's still fine, but she's older now, you know what I'm saying? But we have stuck in our mind to like whatever she was 18 or whatever Thelma then, you know what I'm saying? So it's like, you know, these things, man, you know, it's interesting. It's like there's a commercial right now that's got Nat King Cole on it. You know what I'm saying? Right. Yeah. Yeah. And when was that like the 50s? Yeah, the fact we've been saying his name, you know what I'm saying? Like. Right, right. Again, you know, that's the only difference with when I, when I think about the music, because again, I listen to it like a motherfucker. I'm, I'm, I fuck with Tory Langs. I fuck with all these cats. Yeah. But I do question myself sometimes like, yo, I wonder 10 years from now, this should be for guiding like a PM dawn some motherfucker, you know what I'm saying? Like those cats who, who had a song, you got to hit a song and be like, Oh, I remember that cat versus we talking about Nat King Cole, shit like that, motherfuckers who no matter what goes on, you know, Ray Charles is going to pop up in the commercial, his music. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know, James Brown, all these cats. And they still pop up during the playoffs and shit like that, you know what I'm saying? Like, so that's the shit like that make me don't feel no pressure, you know? And then I look at my compadres who I see the pressure on them, I can feel the pressure on them. They're like, I got to come with that. I come with that banger. Yeah. I'm sitting back, bro, to be honest with you, man, collecting checks and, and, and still doing concerts. You know what I'm saying? It's a blessing, bro. And I ain't even put out shit. Like it's, it's the timeless music. And I actually, and I was looking for some new shit, you know what I'm saying? Because of course I know the older records, but I was like, okay, you know, I always prep before you're doing, you know, shit like this. So I'm looking for some new shit. I'm like, man, what is new shit? Cause this is, you know, I'm like, you know, something that I didn't hear before. So I mean that, that's a testament though to music that does stand the test of time. You know what I'm saying? And everybody can't make those kind of records, man. You know what I'm saying? Everybody can't make those kind of records. You know what I'm saying? You go to a stepper set now and see if Slick J Adams don't get played. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, you know, and then, and then other, other arenas, like you said, at the barbecue, at the, at the block club, you know what I'm saying? It's coming, man. You know, one of them songs is coming. So, you know, it's, you know, bro, that's, you know, congratulations to you by the way. Appreciate that. Congratulations to you too, man. Yeah, I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Now we got one more song. Now this is something that I didn't hear before with the times and everything that's going on, man. This is a very powerful record. And I told you, I'm old school, I'm still calling records. Yeah, that's what they are, man. They recordings, you know what I'm saying? So it's still, it's still, it's still applied today. Yeah. So this one right here, I want people to listen to. I mean, it's, it's, I like the, I like the beat. I like the, you know, of course you can sing. There's a, there's a rapper on there. Yeah, Vogue, shout out Vogue. Yeah, real dope. Make sure y'all follow him on all the platforms. Just type in Vogue. You, you'll see him and I'm sure you'll see him because he got a, he got a hell of a platform. And he a great dude. Yeah. But the subject matter is timely, man. It's timely and it's needed. So we're going to check this out right here. Overall fusion is please slick J Adams. They say I shouldn't talk about this type of thing. You know, they say it don't sell records. And you're going to lose your listeners. But you know what I say? How many children got to die before we wake up? How many jobs we got to lose before we wake up? How many fathers from their children to let the streets raise them to be hoodlums? You see, somebody, why these young as we more girls and roots, one more love? I need you to tell me what happened. I need you to tell me what happened, how we fell asleep at the will and it led to an accident. This ain't no over exaggerate, nah. And I am not overreacting when I say that this world is lacking some unity due to me usually napping. Because my given talent immaculate, ain't no label hip-hacking. It made them a target and started attacking it. I was misusing the song. Foot talking, smacking it, got the attention and kept on distracting it from the bigger picture. Now I'm attacking it because ain't nothing more confusing than an empty room with a topic of white and a black in it. Armor we went got a crack in it. Not every day we got a new problem on the internet and the news channel or the newspaper and columns. And it seemed to me that we can't agree on the two solutions that solve them. Pray to murder rate here with all more than the leads do in this autumn. Like a Nike stock, I say like a Nike stock. Protests and they picket sign is to cut that swoosh out of Nike socks. Injustice as the Nike shops. Yeah, we talk about that, but ain't talking about the options, every cop ain't bad. They just get a number shadow by the cops who are. Tell me why you're just so many people who ain't helping the problem, just gotta critique. Tell me why this world become more divided every single time that the president speak. Tell me why we raising money for cancer when we got the answer to cure and defeat. A lot of homeless people who ain't eating nothing. So if it's true that you are what you eat, I say. Please. Tell me why these pastors preaching and teaching. Please. Please. If we ain't reaching our youth, who we reaching? Don't turn your back on the next generation. If you wanna check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash King B. Raw Fusion. It's Raw Fusion. We got Slick J. Adams in the building listening to the party. Now, before the break, we listen to this song. Please, what kind of pushed you to make this particular record, bro? Man, I did that record in 2011. Let me say that another timeless piece. Being from Englewood. Hold on, hold on, hold on. 2011. We are now in 2021. And it's pretty much the same thing today. That's crazy that for a whole decade, and we still talking about the same shit. Yeah, that's crazy. Let's just say that. That's fucked up to just be honest with you. But at that time, being in Englewood, looking at the surroundings, and just being a real cat, a real guy, seeing the change right before my eyes. I'm saying it went from being organized, saying that I ain't got to get deeper into that. You know what it is. It went from being organized to the shorties. I started seeing them. It wasn't rampant, but I'm like, he's shorties. Wow, it's losing their life slowly. And man, I look up a decade later. If I could have rewrote that record, I'd probably be saying, please, please, please, please. You know what I'm saying? At that time, it was just, please, you know what I'm saying? Somebody do something before we lose it. Because I didn't have an answer. I still though, you know what I'm saying? But I foreseen what was going on around me, man. I just got in the booth and cried out like, yo, what are we going to do? And so a couple of years ago, I was producing and working with Vol. And I thought it would be cool to, because his platform is him sitting in the car. I thought it would be cool to sit in the car and use his platform to sing that song again. So that's why he winds up on it to this day. But yeah, man, it was just me looking at what was going on around, watching, seeing mothers on the news crying, you know what I'm saying? Seeing my own family members lose their lives. Friends of friends, family members, you know what I'm like, damn, this is the music, is it? You know what I'm saying? I started asking myself all these questions because look what we had now. You know what I'm saying? That was 10 years ago. But look what we had now. We don't even feel safe going to the store. Like, matter of fact, fucking walking to your car if you're in Chicago. Like just coming out your career, walking to your car, you like looking over your shoulder, like do it on minutes of society. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know what part of the movie I'm talking about, right? Running out the door looking goofy all over your shoulder. So, you know, this is what we come to, bro. And yeah, that was the inspiration behind it. And to this day, you know, this is your first time hearing it. And you know, the world still haven't heard it. And this was pre-George Floyd, pre-George, you know, pre-Briana Taylor, you know, that song was pre-all that, you know what I'm saying? Here we are, man. To this day would seem like even more issues. Like I could probably add another verse, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, you could. You know, what's interesting is the beginning of the song, you know, where you start talking about people say, well, you lose your fan base or you lose, you know, the listeners or something like that. And I think that it's important that we say, first of all, you just don't give a fuck. We have established that already. But that's important because that's really important because sometimes people get into positions, you know what I'm saying? They do have a fan base. They do have people that follow them. They do have people that's looking at them and they will choose to be silent, you know, when things are going on and when they should be the loudest people talking about that, but they wanna, you know, talk about something else. It's cool. Like I'm a really fun person, you know what I'm saying? But with this platform, I choose to educate. And sometimes it's not always shit you wanna hear. You know what I'm saying? When I start pointing the finger and the finger starts pointing at you, you don't wanna hear that shit. But hopefully, sometimes, you know, someone will listen and say, you know what? I can be that change. You know what I'm saying? I can do this here. I can switch up my game a little bit and do something differently and help the world, help our community. And that's why I do it. Not because, you know, I don't have fun because I have a hell of a lot of fun. But sometimes you gotta suspend the fun, the dancing and all that other shit. And sometimes you gotta speak to real issues and real shit. And that just shows you, you're a real brother to say, well, you know what? If some people don't like what I'm talking about, hey, you still need to listen to this. You know what I'm saying? I'm still gonna say it. So man, shout out to you brother because a lot of people in position just wouldn't do shit like that, man. You know what I'm saying? And for me, that makes me wanna listen to your records and shit more because I know you're a real dude. You know what I'm saying? It's still a, you know, you just in it for the bullshit. You know what I'm saying? So I appreciate that, bro. Real talk. Oh man, appreciate it, man. What else would you like to say to people out there, man? You know what I'm saying? I know you got new music on the way. We don't have a release date yet, but it's coming. So what would you like to say to them in the meantime or between time? Man, just follow me. Follow me, follow me, follow me. Follow me on this journey, man. That's how I take you on an enjoyable ride with you boys, Slick J Adams, man. My website is slickjadams.com, S-L-I-Q-U-E-J-Y Adams. It's a lot to remember, but yeah. You know, if you ever went to any elementary school, you can remember Slick J Adams. You know what I'm saying? Slickjadams.com, baby. Follow me. So when I am performing, when I am releasing new content, you know, you just be there and I appreciate all the love and support, man. Check it out, slickjadams.com, bro, man. King, I'm waiting on you to do these two videos for my new project, man. I'm ready. You know what I mean? I'm ready. Let's do it. I noticed I said two, because I know your work. I think these would be right up your alley, bro. If you take Link, that's cool. And I'm waiting on the SBA to kick in for a brother. You know what I'm saying? I'm ready to get it done, you know? I'm waiting on the SBA. Man, I like ribs, man. I like ribs, man. So I can get me some ribs off that Link card, man. Come on, let's go. Oh, yeah, man. You know, they giving out a little extra right now because of the pandemic, you know what I'm saying? So, yeah, man, ribs on me. If you want a tomahawk, you know what I'm saying? Hey, I can do all that, doc. I wish they put some, you know, some smoke and some liquor on that Link card, too. But you know, you know how to do it with me. If I give you the card, yeah, need be, man. I can give you the card. You can sell it to somebody for cash, you know what I'm saying? It's a lot of hard-working people. I can't get well, fam. So they don't want to be taxed on the bread and the milk. They'll give you a few dollars. You take that, then you go, you know what I'm saying? There you go. There you go. But yeah, I'm ready to work, man. Let's put it together. Let's do it. We're going to do it, bro. Again, I want to appreciate you, man. This is a platform where we can celebrate artists and people in general, man. I don't think we appreciate each other as much, man. You got to understand, we're human beings. And just being a human, you know what I mean? Is amazing if you really look at it, man. You know what I'm saying? Just to be able to be a human being is important, man. And then when you're a real human being on top of that, man, you just got to honor that, man. So I appreciate you, brother. You know what I'm saying? And yeah, man, appreciate the platform. Appreciate you having me, man. Let's work. Michelle, let's get it. Yes, sir. It's time to talk some shit. With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Been in this business for a long time. I've met a lot of different kinds of people. A lot of people who have had success and they let that shit go to their heads. That's tragic, in a way. Because usually that comes before the fall. It's even more rare to find real people in this business. I get it, you know, it's show business. So most of the people in show business are putting on the show. But when you find real ones, not only should we celebrate them, we should push them, promote them, accept them, and appreciate them. That's what we do here at Raw Fusion. At least we try. I'm King B, and this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.