We're talking about being an entrepreneur today. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen? King B's right here. And this is Raw Fusion. You know what it is. That's why you're here. And we got a great show planned for you today. First up, we have a very lovely, you know. She does a lot of different things. And we're going to be talking about those things today. That girl. What's up? Welcome. Hey. Hey now. Hey now. Hey now. What's going on? How are you feeling today? I'm feeling fantastic. I'm excited about today. I'm excited about every day actually. So yeah. But I'm feeling great today. I'm excited. You know, it's a new day. And I didn't buy yesterday. So. That's a good start. You should be excited to get a lot of things going on. You are a radio personality. Just to name a few of the things that you got going on. People can listen to you on MyRadioChicago.com, right? That's right. And Soul106 right here in Chicago, if you're in Chicago, you can listen to her then. What is it about radio that gives you that passion to do radio? It's talking in the mic and knowing that somebody on the other end is going to receive some type of happiness or information or motivation from what I put out there. It's amazing to see an artist, you know, go crazy when we break their music on the radio and the big old smile and oh my God, I couldn't believe this happened to me or allowing a business owner to call in and talk about their business. And then all of a sudden they actually get business from it or even somebody just being able to hear one of my biz tips and then they call me and be like, I did what you said and it worked. And it's like, oh my gosh, my thing, I think that God gave me was that I was supposed to encourage and motivate people even when they think that they can't. And by being blessed to be able to talk on a mic and to talk to millions and thousands of people, it's like I get to do God's work without being super religious. Praise the loud. Oh yeah, you know, regular people do love God too, you know. Yeah, yeah, that's true. That's very true. I was listening up, I've listened to you several times, but I was listening one day when you were giving some tips about if someone had passed in the family and how to get the money that's just sitting there and goes unclaimed if you don't go through certain steps. It's very informational as well as it's kind of fun. It's a great show. It's you and Shy Blizz, shout out to Shy Blizz. I've known him for some years. I haven't gotten him in the movie yet. There are a bunch of people that I've wanted to work with for a while and I don't want to just bring them on just to say, hey, I know this person, bring them on. It's more of gotta find the right role for each person because people see that. You know what I mean? Oh, he got the role because you know him, right? So you want to make it so it really fits and that also gives them an opportunity to give a very good performance and it's all about making everyone that's part of the project shine, right? So we're going to get that done. Shy Blizz, if you listen to it. As he pulls his arms and blinks his eyes. I haven't been saying that for years but here's the thing. And everybody knows about the different health complications that I had and are still recovering from. So that's the reason why I stopped making movies after five movies. I was going hard for a minute. So when we get back into it and we're in the process of getting back into it now definitely got some stuff coming up. So it's all good, man. You can unfold your arms. We got to get you with your... You got to see this lady. She's quite beautiful. Thank you. Have you thought about doing television and film and stuff like that? Yeah. Actually, I was casted to do the shy and then the whole pandemic thing ended up happening and I refused to do the vaccination thing. No jab for you, huh? Nah. Not gonna put liquid government inside of me. Interesting. Liquid government. I've never heard that before. And this is why I love about this platform being able to say what we want to say how in the fuck we want to say it because it's funny when you watch YouTube there's so many people calling it the jab just to get around. I don't know why when you say vaccination I guess it gets flagged or something like that and they demonetize you. What? Yeah. That's what they're several. Several... I watch YouTube all the time, ladies and gentlemen. And there are several people who have been talking about it. They keep dancing around the word to not be demonetized. I don't know what that's about, but that's crazy. I think that's because the government runs YouTube and so the government also runs the V and so therefore that's how they're making their money and if you're not advertising the V then you're taking away from their money. It's the same way with like people who sell coats, right? If you don't advertise my coats then you can't be on my show. You don't have to say the V here. You say where the hell we want to say here. We can say where this is. Okay. We was thinking a different V. You know, it's a... Yeah. Yeah. My V is... Anyway. So that's one of the things when I brought Raw Fusion back because we used to be on PBS and they had to deal with the FCC regulations and all that kind of shit. And so when I brought Raw Fusion back because I owned my property and you know, sell it just because I was on TV it's important to have free media not that it's free but it's freedom, freedom of speech and that's important. Independent media is very important and that's what I like about my radio Chicago. It seems to be more independent media. So what was the thing that... First of all, you're from LA or from California, correct? Correct. I'm from Chicago. I needed to build myself. I needed to build character. I needed to build grit. I needed to build, you know, like... I feel like my mom did a wonderful job with raising me and putting me out there to work hard and to go for whatever I wanted. But I was a clone of my mom, you know? Like I wore business suits every day like her and heels like her and I went to every business meeting that she went to and then when I decided to start DJ and she was like, oh my God, that's not professional. So I quit. And then when I started managing artists she was like, oh my God, you're in the club so much. So I quit. And it was like, oh my God, I can't stop quitting these things if maybe I actually really like these things. So I needed to separate myself from my family, from my loved ones, from everybody that knew me. I needed to go somewhere completely off those, like off where nobody, I knew nobody where nobody could influence me. I could just be who I wanted to be and I could go for what I wanted and I could really see if I was strong enough to do it. And so I picked to come to Chicago because this is where Essence and Jet magazine started and Chicago has history on top of history on top of history. I don't even realize if the Chicagoans really realize how great the city is and what it has done for even us as African-Americans or for people in business. So like to come here is to get strong. To come here is to really know a direction. And then from here I can go and do anything I feel like. I rebranded my magazine here. So yeah, I came here with nothing. I came here with a red suitcase and $20 and no friends, no family, nobody, nothing. And that was five years ago. Wow, that's interesting because the reason why I say that's interesting is because so many times in conversations in the industry people keep saying you got to leave Chicago, you got to leave Chicago, you got to leave Chicago. I think you're right. And that's the reason why I haven't left Chicago yet. There are a lot of opportunities and most people that, well, not most people, but a lot of people and people don't realize how many people have come here, became successful and then moved to LA or somewhere else including the former president and several other people. So it is a good springboard. A lot of people don't really understand that, that are here and it's kind of like you can't see the forest with the trees. If you as a black person come here and learn your business and learn, you can literally, there's not a state or a city or a country that you can move to that would be able to knock you off your rocker because the stuff that they put you through here has to grow your business, but they also give you, it's a fight. And so if you can get through that in the three years, then you know that you've got something great, you know what I mean? Because they're going to try their best to knock you down, but Chicago is great in my book. So yes, people kill people here, but they kill people everywhere, you know? I don't know. I just really love Chicago. I think that it's great, even with the crabs and the barrel type people out here. Yeah, there's a lot of people like that and it's unfortunate and, but you can, it is good. You know, they say New York, if you can make it in New York, you can make it. Okay. Maybe, you know, I've never really spent much time in New York, but in Chicago, if you can make it in Chicago, you damn sure can make it anywhere else. You get to learn a different type of game from Chicago and it's quite different. And so that's the reason why I'm still here. If we learn how to support each other, we've been in a much better position because we're like the third, second, I believe largest buyer market. You literally can go platinum right here in Chicago. You don't have to go anywhere else. We're number three in the whole media business broadcasting world. It's insane. And so, and there's so many people with talent here. Once we learn how to correctly support each other, then we'll be in a much better position and that's the reason, again, why I formatted Raw Fusion this way. When I formatted it before, it was all about the ratings and that kind of thing. So I had the well-known people on the show. Alicia Keys has been on the show. Megan Good's been on the show. I did all that shit. Two things, when I decided to come back, it was about more of exposing people to different people that you might not know. There was a centralization in Chicago, but we're international as well. I had someone from Botswana on the show as well. So, you know, it's not all about Chicago, but a centralization of the talented people that are here in Chicago. That was something that then I didn't know as many people when I was first starting out and I got to show relatively quickly within like three years of being in the business. I was on a broadcast network as a producer. So I didn't have those connections. Now I do. And so I wanted to use it in a different way to help people that don't get the promotion that other people do. So it was a concert effort to make this thing happen. Now you said you had a magazine. What do you do with this magazine? So my magazine is called The Biz. This magazine, B-I-Z, N-E-S-S. We highlight the hidden talent within the community to give them a place to shine. I learned the power of publishing back when I was living in L.A. and I was managing an artist. And every time I tried to get my artist out there or put my designer in the store, everybody kept on asking, what are they doing and who are they and where have they been? And I was like, nothing. That's why I wanted to do this show. That's why I'm trying to build their resume. And so I decided to do my own show to highlight them. But instead of doing like a regular program for the show, I did it in a magazine style. And after I launched that issue, it was crazy amount of doors that opened up for them. And it was like, this is the power of publishing. This is what publishing can do for a person. So therefore I decided to keep going with the magazine and try to give everybody, I consider it the gateway to the industry because once you're publishing the magazine, it's crazy how your resume changes in 2.5 seconds. And then some of the people that I featured in the magazine, they believed in their stuff enough to open up stores. And I gave YG his first cover. But yeah, the magazine is to highlight, to put a celebrity that has been out there a long time, but you know, they're trying to make a comeback. And so put that celebrity on the cover and then put all the hidden talent that's in that community in the inside of the pages. So from business to health, to music to fashion, that way it's a household magazine. That way mom can sit and get her health recipes. And dad can sit and look at the political section in the business. And the son can listen to all the music that's in there. And daughter can go crazy with the fashion. And then they can all laugh together and color the stressful page if they wanted to. But they can all now families can sit back at the table again. And they have something to talk about, you know, something that feeds each one of them. But now they can laugh because our families are not sitting at the table anymore like they used to. So subconsciously the business magazine is also to teach again and to bring our families back together. You know, back in the day, there was a jet magazine in every bathroom, you know, like, and family talked about jet magazine, right? Like that was the thing that was our highlight. I was just looking for the beauty of the week. I'm just saying it's right there. It's right there in the business magazine. I'm just trying to tell you, put the right page and you'll get a nice beauty. But it has everything in there and it's for everybody. And right now it's LA, it's Oakland, it's Atlanta, it's Chicago, and it's also New York. So when you open up the pages, like, you'll see the red line for Chicago. You'll see the red line, the metro station for Atlanta. You'll see the red line for California. So if you're just moved there, you can pick up a copy of the business magazine and you'll know where to go. You'll know how to take public transportation. And then you get to know your community. So it's for everybody. Sounds good. Where can people find this magazine? You can go to my page, that girl, Olivia, or you also could go to thebizmediagroup.com and find it there. Find it almost everywhere. If you Google the business magazine, it'll pop up. The Biz Media Group. Thebizmediagroup.com. Definitely, definitely check that out. The next question is, when am I going to be on the cover? We've got to talk about it. Talk about it because you are definitely a star. I went through, I watched some of your movies and then listened to your show. You're definitely a huge impact in the community. So I would love to talk to you about that. Sooner than later. Great, great, great. Let's make it happen. Right now, we're going to make these messages happen, but we're going to be right back with more from that girl, Olivia, right here at our Fusion. What's up everybody, it's King B and I want to tell you about my website, kingbworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff including links to my book, the movies and even the podcast there as well. It's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. You also have another podcast. You want to let people know what's going on with that one? Okay, so I have another one. It used to be called Two Queens in a Pod and now I have extended it to a few queens in a pod because I decided to link with five more ladies. Not all the time do our little girls get to turn on TV or turn on the radio and hear somebody that sounds like us because you got to be groomed and you got to be poised and you got to be perfect for it, right? But what about the ones that are not groomed and poised and perfect for it? Who do they get to listen to? So a few queens in a pod is six ladies that have come together from different backgrounds, super different backgrounds. We've got the church lady, we've got the political lady, we've got the hood lady who wants to fight everybody. We've got the real, you know, passive one and then you've got me, you know, all over the place. And we come together and we have fun. It's raw and uncut. We talk about all kinds of stuff. It's definitely nasty. It's rated R. So if you're not prepared to pull your Vaseline to your bedside, you probably don't want to listen because you will get moments where you feel like you may want to get wet. Oh, oh, okay. You know, you know, it's like the importance of seating, like why it's okay to swallow, you know, because there's a lot of health benefits to it. But you know, health benefits, you know, I need to listen to this podcast so I can use that. You know, you should swallow because the health benefits. I'm telling you, I'm telling you. You know they got a recipe with that where people actually cook with seating, you know that, right? Oh, that's just disgusting. That goes too far. I don't want, you know, even when watching porn, I've seen porn with it. I don't want to see that shit. That's the part where I turn the shit off. And believe me, I watch some nasty-ass porn, but that shit just goes a little too far for me. I'm not into the, you know, whole, you know, nut edibles. But, you know what I mean, if you are into that sort of thing, hey man, go do it, go do it. And if you're cute enough, I might lend something to your recipe. How about that? I'm just saying. It makes your hair grow. It makes your face glow. It makes, you know, if there's all the vitamins there, people just, you know, don't know. Just like women, we produce natural fruit toast. Like, if you're looking for fresh sugar, eat up. Um, uh, uh, listen. Uh, I don't, uh, um, no. Cause, cause, see, uh, I don't, I don't mind, but you can't, first of all, you can't eat everybody's pussy. Well. That's number one. Cause they're the ones that don't put fresh sugar out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Some of them. That shit ain't sugar. It don't, it don't taste like sugar. It's definitely sour or something, but there was one. There was one that was happening. Well, actually that's tasty, but there's only been really one that's really gotten to that level of, hmm, I could just, you know, stay here for a while for me. Not just, uh, for the pleasure of the woman. So, uh, do you give tips on how to make that shit taste better? Eat better. It's all about eating. It's all about what you put in your body. It's really about what you put in your body because they have to understand if you're not putting the right stuff in your body, if you're not taking care of yourself, then everything has to come out some kind of way, whether it's coming out through your pores, whether it's coming out through, you know, other ways like your bowel movements or whatever. But at the end of the day, it's about the way that you eat. You want to eat healthy. Okay. Yeah. You may have candy or junk food here and there, but you also want to make sure that you plus it, you know, um, having your sea moss daily, you know, is a really important thing. Um, drinking lots and lots of water to flush yourself, you know, is a really important thing. And I'm not a hater to meet eaters. You know, I'd much rather play with my meat than eat it, but those that do eat their meat, you know, um, try to, you know, maybe not eat steak every day or chicken every day or, you know, like try to do it in moderation so that, you know, that you're flushing and you're cleaning yourself. And if you're going to do it, then try to have a lot of greens in your body. Like kale is a superfood. So kale is scrubbing the whole inside of your body and it's cleaning you, uh, while you eat. So it's good to eat kale or even like avocado. You're looking for a healthy fat, like have a slice of avocado or something putting your body, but really pay attention to what you're putting in your body because it's going to come out some kind of life. So I pride myself on my body. Like I don't, I don't, I'm not a medicine person. I don't like medicines. I'd rather do like essential oils and herbs. And like I said, my sea moss, my sea moss, my sea moss, sea moss is everything. It cleanses you and, and then pineapples, you know, eating like good fruits like pineapples and oranges and, and, uh, lemons. Those are also good cleansers. And then that way the smell that comes out of you smells like that and the taste that comes out of you tastes like that. Like it sounds crazy and cliche, but in all actuality, it is very, very true. What you put in your body is going to come out some kind of way. And so therefore you got to treat your body like how you want to be treated. You know, I did hear that if you eat pineapples that your semen tastes better. I don't know. It's very true. It's extremely true. It is so true. It's not even funny. I promise you, it's so true. And it's just about health and the people who eat less meat also, they, they, they produce something wonderful, but you just have to, you know, pay attention to the type of people that you decide to put your mouth on. So you got to get, you got to eat nasty shit in order to have good, good, um, um, um, pussy juice. Why does it have to be nasty? Why can't it be good? It's good. That shit is disgusting. Kale is a waste of time. Kale is a waste. You have not had it the right way. You have not. There, there are, you know, I'm not even like a big green. I like, I like spinach. That's about the only green leafy food that I actually. I have not had the right person cook for you. You have not had that problem. It's okay. It's okay. And, and, and that's just, you know, actually the only reason why I like spinach is because when I was a kid, I used to watch Popeye and I started eating that shit then. And, uh, so that goes to show you the influence of media on, uh, children. Honestly, that is the reason why I started eating spinach. And then I developed a taste for it. Anything else, uh, I'm not just, I'm not a big fan of, I'm just, I like corn. But, uh, well, you like horrible for you. Corn goes in you and comes out to the exact same way. It never broke down. Okay. Well, I still like it. So maybe, maybe. So what you're suggesting is I need to go find a vegan woman and there'll be some delicious pussy juice. Oh my gosh. The best vegetarian women, vegan women, pescatarian women. Oh my God. Pretty amazing. Well, you know, I've been to a bunch of vegetarian churches, uh, and some of those are fruits. Some of those, some of those people are the choir boy. I tell you, uh, I don't know what they're eating, but they, they, they, they love to eat it and, and be eating. I'm just saying, I'm just saying praise the Lord. Praise the Lord saints. Praise the Lord. Past the bucket, past the bucket, past the bucket, past the bucket. Past the pussy shit. Uh, so. So when can they listen to that pocket from 11 to 1 a.m. On my radio, Chicago, you can go download the support district radio app on your Google Play Store. You can also tune in on Facebook and on YouTube as well. My radio, Chicago, and it will come up Fridays. You want to tune in to. Yes. And, and definitely, definitely check it out on Fridays. At what time? 11 to 1 a.m. That's central time. We have the, the fortune of having an international audience. And I know people say that, but it's like, I was looking at the numbers and the analytics and for some reason shout out to Ukraine and the Czech Republic. It's like 40% of our listeners are coming from there now and London too. Yeah. Like is, like it's really international for real, for real. So I appreciate you guys who are listening overseas. Okay. I can see that. They know I can speak a little German. I don't know what the hell you just said, but okay. Do you speak German? No, I don't, I don't, I don't speak none of that shit. I, I, you know, I try to learn at least hello in every language and goodbye. And you know, maybe can you give me some? That's really the first. That's the first three things I want to know about any new language. You definitely want to check that out. You, what, when do you do the show with Shabless? So I do the show with Shabless Monday through Friday, nine to 12 noon. Central. Central time on my radio Chicago as well. And then we also do soul 106 on Sunday nights from 9pm to 11pm every Sunday on soul 106.3. That's also central time. They can go to the website for soul 106.3. Even if you're not here in Chicago, you can always go to the website and then at the top click listen live and you can be able to listen to it that way. That's right. So no matter where you are, you can check it out on the website and support district radio, download the app, go to my radio Chicago and check out that girl, Olivia, and you'll be pleasantly support. You know, there's some people that have a face for radio. You remember that was a, there used to be a thing. They used to say, you definitely have a face for radio. That was a slight because people would have these wonderful voices and you look at them and you're like, God damn. And I met them back in the day because there was no live. Yeah. We'll see back in the day. And that actually changed back in the day. It was just radio and you were just doing radio. Now you're doing radio. If you do radio, then you have to do live appearances and in all these other things. And so now it's the whole bias is permeated through radio as well. Whereas radio used to be the one place that if you didn't have the look, as long as you had the sound, you could, you know, go to the audience and you know, that's the thing about television as well. No matter what we want to think about it. It is, you do have to, I mean, it's a look. People will tune in or tune out sometimes just because there's a look and maybe that's unfortunate, but it is also show business. But what I was going to say is this, this lovely, lovely young lady has a face for TV. Very beautiful. So you definitely want to check her out and listen to her. Not only because she's beautiful, but because she's also very informative and very fun. And so I definitely recommend it. Go check out the shows and I truly appreciate you being on Raw Fusion. Thank you so much for having me. I really appreciate it. Most definitely. All right, y'all will be right back with more Raw Fusion. The many smiles at troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need, but help starts with you with an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm. We are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path. By donating, you will help us, help others. From one dollar to one thousand, no donation is too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. The movie. Hey, it's King B. And if you want to find an easy way to keep up with me, you can go to my website, www.kingbworldwide.com That's King, the letter B, www.worldwide.com There you can find links to my books, the movies, the podcast, and so much more. That's www.kingbworldwide.com See you there. Your heart pumps not once but twice in the same beat. I just have to, like, variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky club to get on some funky dance board to dance with some funky man. I never used to think about it. Give me one good reason why we shouldn't enjoy each other sexually. I can ruin our friendship. I don't think so. It doesn't feel right. Eric, I know what you do with these women. That has nothing to do with this. That has everything to do with this. Hey, hey, hey, hey. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end. Should I, should I not get intimate with my close friends? I'm going to shave you. I already had a shave. Nowhere I'm going to shave. Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the U.S., then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on Plex. Raw Fusion. And we're back. Raw Fusion. You know how we get down. Our next guest is a friend of mine. A very, very, very cool person. And she's also, she's also my weed woman. If you want that good, sticky icky icky. I'm going to tell you something. I'm just keeping 100. She got some shit that had me high for like 12 motherfucking hours. Like, this shit was ridiculous. You got to check her out. Her name is April Flowers. What's up, April? How you doing? What's up? How's it going? Everybody? What's up, King B? Chilling like a villain? You know how we get down around here? Yeah. I've been wanting you to be on the show. We've been talking about just missing each other. And then, you know, you decided to become a sponsor of the show, which is also fantastic. So welcome to the Raw Fusion family. Let's talk about what you do and what your business. Well, it's one of your businesses. I know you got several, but with this one, with the cannabis products. Well, basically, I have a partnership with Giteva and I am an event planner and an infuser. So I've been throwing branches at the facility where you can have infused breakfast. You get to sample eight different strains, and then I'll take you on a tour of the entire grow house from start to finish. Eight different strands. Now, here's this thing. Everyone knows that I'm an advocate for legalizing it. Here in Illinois, it is legalized, but I'm talking about federally in these, you know, stop bullshitting and telling people what the fuck they can't smoke. I'm also a lightweight. And I don't have a problem saying it. I know I'm 6'6", and rather a big guy. But that shit don't matter. When it comes to cannabis, I'm kind of a lightweight. And that's cool, right? But in my trials of it, I'm realizing that some strands do different things. I used to hear people before I started smoking weed, because I started smoking weed late. That's the reason why I've been, you know, my system, I guess, hasn't really gotten used to it. And I don't do it every day. But, you know, I used to hear people say they were paranoid when they smoked weed. And it's only been one time that I got some that actually kind of weirded me out. The rest of the time, it kind of depends. Some is stronger, some is smoother. Some just give you a different feeling. I like that shit when it makes you tingle all over. You know what I mean when you smoke the shit. What's the difference in the different strands? And how does that work? Well, there are so many different strands of weed, but basically, you want to have there are two different entities, which is sativa and indica. And sativa is basically like a mellow hide. It keeps you busy. You're able to function and do, you know, your normal routine. Whereas indicas are just basically, you could think of them like in the couch, you'll be so high. It'll make you like, you know, tired, sleepy, you know, really relaxed. So it just depends on which strain you get and if it's, you know, indica or sativa. It should make you sit your ass down. And see, that was the thing. That was the problem for me. I got hold of some shit and I was fucked up for like two hours. Like couldn't move, couldn't talk, couldn't do shit. Didn't like that. And so it took me a while to figure it out. For me, basically, everyone knows I smoke black amounts. I think I smoke blacks and damn near every movie I did. No, I don't, maybe, maybe not, but it's certainly a boost. But I learned that if I take the, some of the tobacco from the black out and put some weed in, I can actually still function somewhat normally. So that's what I started doing. And once I started doing that, and the crazy shit about it was, I used to drink. And when I started smoking weed, it's like, shit, fuck the drink. I don't even like that, that drunkness. The high was much better. So what do you, first of all, it's crazy that you got brunches, means like you got the shit in eggs and sausage and shit, right? Is that how it works? I don't put it in the eggs, but we have a seasoning that you could put on top of your eggs that is infused with THC. And I infused some of the waffles with chocolate chips. So some of the waffles are infused. Again, we had a season. From time to time, we may have the butter and the syrup. So it just depends on what day, you know, on what you catch us with that day. So you get a good meal, right? And then you've got a good little high from coming away from the food as well. You actually gave me some of several different products. Got the fruit punch, had some rice crispy treats or something like that. Cookies. It was a bunch of stuff that you gave me. And the funny part is you can't taste any of the shit. You know what I'm saying? You would think that, you know, you'd have some kind of... I mean, if you've never been to one of these things or tasted these things, you would think that you would taste some of it in there and it's amazing that you don't taste anything. It just tastes regular, which can get you fucked up. Don't go getting a gallon of fruit punch and think you're just going to drink that shit like regular fruit punch. I just want you to know that right now because you end up laid out for a minute. So what made you get into this type of business? Some of my people invested in the company and so we were going out and doing different little events with the company. I sat down with the owner and just brainstormed some ideas with him and he was like, do whatever you want to do and just gave me the green light. So from there, we developed a strand called April Flowers. It's a jar that they carry within the grow house as well and we just went from there. See, now see, we've known each other for shit. At least 10, 15 years. Yeah, yeah, about 15. Yeah, my son, he's 19. Yeah, something about 10, 15 years. I've known you to be about your business, about your hustle legally, legally, you know, and very intelligent, quite beautiful by the way. I just want to say that. So if you ever get a chance to go there, don't be going over there trying to hit on her and shit. But you've never been, to me, one of the people that just sit around and complain about shit, you get up and make shit happen. So what is it that gives you the drive to be an entrepreneur and make your own path to make your own way? Well, a lot of it wasn't still from my, you know, my grandparents and my mother. They always, you know, especially my grandfather, stressed the importance of getting an education and being able to take care of yourself and provide for your family. So, you know, I guess like after they got sick and everything, he was telling me like, well, you need to take care of business because, you know, basically he was going to be dying soon or whatever. So that just put the light, you know, under the fire. Like, well, you got to figure some things out. So here I am trying to make some happy for my family. So that's what it is. That's what's it. That's what's up. And you've been very successful in doing that. So I want to applaud you for that as well. A lot of times in Raw Fusion, we want to highlight different business owners because it's important, right? That we support our own businesses. It's important that get behind each other as entrepreneurs and work together. That is something that's very much a part of what Raw Fusion is about. We do all kinds of crazy shit, too. But at the same time, we are able to, in the midst of all the fun, stress the importance of business and doing for yourself, obviously, because I'm an independent entrepreneur and filmmaker. That's something that's near and dear to my heart as well. And part of being an entrepreneur is about getting those bills paid. And we're going to do just that. But we'll be right back with more from April Flowers right here, Raw Fusion. What do you think about the fact that I think it's now up to say about 20, 20 some states, I think. Almost half the country has legalized weed yet is still federally illegal. What do you think about that? They need to free everybody first of all that's in jail for weed in all those states that have made it legal. Social equity is one of the things that our company tries to promote and institute. We work with a lot of different felons and people who have been incarcerated for various crimes. And that's one of the things that we're trying to promote as well. I think people who are wishing they had voted a different way after seeing what this clown has been doing, gas prices highest fucking and food prices going up and all this bullshit. Of course it's going to come down though because elections coming up soon so they're going to bring it down and then it's probably going to shoot up again if we don't make the right choices. And it's important for us to not only do our community activism but get in those polling places and make sure we get people that represent our interests. It just doesn't make sense to have half the country smoking weed and it's still illegal. That sounds like taxation without representation. You're taxing us but our opinions aren't going through to the law books or the rule books because it's another story. And for it to be something that has been proven in several studies that can actually have some medicinal benefits it's just crazy that we're still in this situation hypocrisy as it's finest. Proving that natural health products over pharmaceutical alternatives are safer and more natural and healthier for them to make all the money with pharmaceuticals over natural products. It's all about the money. That's the game. Because at the end of the day you have pharmaceutical companies that have these lobbying groups that go to the White House, they go to Congress, they go to these people, these politicians pat their pockets and then you see the different effects of that. Why aren't we or someone in the industry in the cannabis industry we should have some lobbyists. I think that would get it done. Let's talk about some of these although we're not saying and let's just say this right out we're not saying that making any medical claims should we say, but what have been some of the benefits that you've heard other people say about cannabis products and CBD and THC and we'll get into that as well after that but what are some of the things that you've heard I think California might have been the first one and started to give out medical licenses so it's got to be something there. What are some of the benefits, the health benefits that you've heard other people have from taking cannabis products? Well basically I've heard that it takes away pain, I know of cancer patients that eat edibles and things of that nature to take away the pain and it helps to relax. I also met this guy who said he had diabetes at that point and he would take a gummy a day or something and his sugar went down immensely and he no longer has diabetes I don't know if that came from cannabis but that's what he said so just basically it helps to relieve the pain we also have like a arthritis cream that they produce as shiteva which is made from CBD and it has warming and cooling effects so people who have arthritis can use it and things of that nature but those are basically all I've explored taking a pain away. I would suggest that if you want to get off into that that you do your google searches or whatever searches whatever search engine you use to really look up the medical benefits to cannabis and the differences between THC and CBD we can talk about that here one gets you high these are chemical components in the natural chemical components within the different products with cannabis what's the difference between THC and CBD? CBD is just like a derivative of it it's just like a cannabis product that's basically been around you know for many centuries and it's just the chemical found in cannabis in the plant and that helps you with that's the medical part that people are saying that helps them with different sort of medical issues correct but the CBD doesn't necessarily get you high no CBD is not psychoactive THC is what actually gets you high so now the THC content within it is the shit that has you in La La Land right so that's the other chemical so you can actually use cannabis products without getting high for people who don't want to be high you can just you know get the products that have low THC in it and then and you can reap the benefits from the plant and then if you want to get high you can get the shit that has the THC in it yeah so marijuana has a higher level of THC and a lower level of CBD but hemp has higher levels of CBD and lower levels of THC okay so that's the difference again I'm a newbie to this shit so I didn't know what the hell hemp I knew it had something to do with weed or marijuana but I didn't know the differences so hemp is more of the medicinal side of okay alright see I'm learning something I'm learning something new everyday I think it's important to point out that if you don't want to smoke because I know actually I know some actually I can't say who it is I thought about that for a second I almost said it but someone that I know that works with me very closely doesn't like to smoke or don't want to continue smoking and for some people they don't want to smoke but they still want the benefits that's where the edibles come in correct right edibles are much better because you know smoking again is not good regardless if it's cannabis or nicotine but edibles are much safer form of getting high because it doesn't really affect the lungs and it's more of a slow you just gotta you gotta consume it and then it goes through the bloodstream that way whereas the smoking kind of hits a little quicker but yeah that shit can last for as long as it's in your system that's why those and it's funny I was talking to Wildstyle and I told him that I got a gummy from you and I was like man I took one of those things and shit you know what I'm saying he was like oh I only eat a half I'm like a half and he's the one that put out the damn song and I'm the lightweight fucking around eating the whole gummy I was like god damn somebody should have told me just to eat half that motherfucker so if you get the gummies don't go in there like it's candy you don't want to fuck around trying to eat that shit like regular gummies a half start off with a half and then if you take that I guess you can elevate from there but very good shit where can people get hooked up with this brunch that you're doing well they could contact me directly I'm April underscore flowers underscore Chaitivo on Instagram also I'm on Facebook and also on roofline we're on roofline so if you're interested you could purchase your tickets on roofline or purchase them from me directly and we can go from there so all my people in Chicago I need you guys that love cannabis to go and support April Flowers with her endeavors go to the brunch get some good food get your feeling good get your mind right you know what I'm saying and have a good time as well definitely co-signing private events also do private events so go to her Instagram shout it out one more time April underscore flowers underscore Chaitivo on Instagram or you could just reach me on my phone 773-456-3860 and we could get it cracking I'm not her own business I'm calling on some bullshit the business definitely check it out because I'm definitely co-signing with that and that's because I've also used the products and will continue to and they're definitely good I don't bullshit if it's some shit I'm gonna tell you some shit I don't give a damn how long I've known you how much of a friend we are but that I was yeah that was some good shit so I truly appreciate it shout out to Crucial Conflict King B, April Flowers, thank you you did, you did of course it's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast brought to you by King B's Hate Love now streaming for free being in business is sometimes difficult we're gonna admit that right now but here's the thing having a job does not mean having security and while I'm not saying to leave your high paying job or whatever paying job just don't see that as security at any time they can fire you lay you off go out of business you never know so while you do have that level of income coming in and there are things that you may be passionate about I would like for you to consider going and making your passion a business alright it could be your side hustle for now but later it may be the security that you've been looking for I'm King B and this is Raw Fusion