Today, we change it up again, right here, Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Hey, it is Super Producer Lisa Ian. You know what time it is right now. That's right, it's time for Raw Fusion with the one and only wonderful host, my man, King B's. Raw. Ladies and gentlemen, you know as Raw Fusion we're always doing something different. And today we have something different as well. It's called the listening party. Why have I heard from you? No one listens to your shit. Listen. Listen to me. I'm listening. Party. All right, so if you're not in the industry when an artist comes out with new material they typically have a party. I've been to several of them from a top name artist. And today we're gonna have a listening party from a brother that is very, very talented. His name is Sean White. What's up, brother? Man, I appreciate you, brother. How you doing? I'm chilling, man. I'm chilling. How's it going? I heard a lot about you, brother. Yeah, they're all lies. All right, so. No, this is the first time we're gonna be doing this. And you know, Lisa E was telling me about you and then I went and checked out your work. And well, it's worthy of mass attention. It's very good. And we're gonna check some of this out, bro. Thanks, man. Right here on the show. Looking forward to it. Looking forward to it. Now, we're gonna start off with one break. And I'm just gonna say this, bro, you ain't shit, man. And I'm gonna explain why, but I want people to listen to this song and then they'll figure out why I'm saying it. If not, we'll come back and talk about it. The song's name is Kiss the Pain Away. Sean White. Right here. I know you're tired of all the pain. Kiss the pain away. Sean, look at, now the reason why I say you ain't shit. It's because I ain't shit either. And I used the same game on, I don't know how many women now, see. Okay, there was a video that I was watching on social media and there was a guy just talking about, he had this girl there with him and he's trying to be all cocky and shit. Yeah, man, you try to talk to my woman, you just practice it, okay? All right, all right. So that cocky shit gets you into trouble. You know what I'm saying? So when you don't do the right thing, and you're not taking care of your woman, you're gonna see a brother like me, a brother like Sean, gonna sit there and point out every single damn thing you ever did wrong first. Then a couple of days later, you know, when she getting good cry mood and she on your shoulder and shit, then you're gonna say, well, see, I would never do you like that, baby. And now you wrote this song, so I know you doing that shit and that's just pure game and game recognized game. So I see that shit. That's why I say you ain't shit. I've seen that shit. I've used that shit myself. I wrote the song, I was inspired to write something about it. And it was a song that I thought would be, that were catered towards the females to the female side. So I definitely wrote that song because I knew the females could relate to it. As well as the males, you know what I'm saying? Especially the ones that's doing it. You know what I'm saying? All the one that's trying to get a female that's going through that. Well, I tell you what, if you trying to get a female that's going through that, you play this hit record, you understand? And brothers, let me tell you something. If you happen to come into the house and your woman played this record three times in a row, you got some work to do, partner. Cause somebody, and you better not let her go to a shine white show, cause she might be missing for a few hours after. And man, let's talk about your career for a second before we move on to the next track, man. What made you get into the business and want to be a singer, man? Well, actually, you know, it goes back to, you know, when I was younger, you know, my auntie, you know, she shamed for the show rights. Also, back up to Luther, my dad had a band in Mississippi. You know, he did this thing. So, you know, music is rich. You know, my whole family is rich with music. So I just knew it was me. I mean, I was singing one day and my dad, I think I was about to say, my dad was like, you can really sing, man. You don't know, you don't have to hone in on that. So I've been doing that since. Okay, now he didn't Joe Jackson you did he? No, no, he gradually let me, you know, this is something I chose. That's good. Although, I'm not hating on Joe Jackson. If you could whoop my ass into a hundred million dollars. Whoop it, because I got a whoop it and I ain't got a hundred million dollars, so shit. You can whoop my ass into a hundred million dollars. Yeah. I heard that. So I ain't with the Joe Jackson hate, man, damn it. Now you shared the stage with a lot of notable artists as well. How is that, man? Do you feel like the pressure when you have to go out there and perform or are you one of those crunch time guys and you ready to take over that stage? At the end of the day. No matter who else is on the building. Yeah, yeah, at the end of the day, everybody gets a little butterflies, but you know, I've been doing it for long enough to know what to do, go out there and do it and not, you know, rehearse and practice. So, you know, it's done, you know, if you put the practice in, you know, you're gonna do your thing. But the first time I'll perform with a big artist, I'd say Joe or the first time I did, I think it was Kiki Wyatt, you know what I'm saying? And, you know, it wasn't even a star strike thing. She was down on earth and everything like that. You know, and it turned out well, you know what I'm saying? It was just a woman that's been out there for a while that I've been listening to, you know, since back in the day, you know, it was just respect. Well, we're gonna talk some more. I wanna play another one of these records, man. Okay. You know, I'm old school. I still call them records. Yeah. We're gonna play another record. Man, I wish we could go back to that era, man. The record era, so we could get rich off of the music and not just the shows, you know. I know, right? But here's the thing, if you really do, if you know the history of the music industry, a lot of the artists didn't get rich off the music anyway. You know what I'm saying? It was, you know, we've had this debate back and forth about what I have with certain people. And unfortunately, a lot of our older artists from way back in the day, they only made money off their shows. They didn't make a lot of money off the record. Yeah, because of the paperwork. Because of the paperwork. Because of the paperwork. Yeah. Nowadays, if you, that's a common sense, you know, how to type in something in Google, you can figure out how to do it yourself. Back then, it was no way, unless you paid for somebody to teach you this, it was no way for you to actually know how to go about doing your paper. So if you can do it like that now, you know what I'm saying? I mean, that's your fault. That ain't really. Yeah, all right. Well, yeah, here's another, another one of them lines I didn't use as well. Uh, no labels right here. It's shine. What? Oh, this ain't a regular life, babe. It's that waking up to sleep, me massaging your feet, shit. It's that in an interest of us, until I met you. And I don't know if it's real, or is it just a phase I'm going through. But I feel that it's true. Oh, we don't need no label. We got it something different. We don't need no label. We don't need no label. Have it something special for sure. I don't feel it someone. It's that love you with your eyes. It's that love and paralyze. It's that sweep your feet. Give you everything you need. It's that don't pick up the phone, cause we wanna be alone. And I never thought you'd be wrong. Never had an interest in me. Until I met you. And I don't know if it's real, or is it just a phase I'm going through. But I feel that it's true. We don't need no label. We got it something different. We don't need no label. We don't need no label. Have it something special for sure. Since you came in my life, I see you so clear now. You're so special. No label, Sean White. Game recognized game, bro. I used all that. How many women you became? Oh, man, you know what I'm saying? I'm married to the music. Bad shit. You know, of course. Oh, that's classic for a whole lot. Let's go. I put it to you like that. I put so much time on my music. I don't really have time for a long-term relationship like that. You know what I'm saying? I just don't have time for it. I'm trying to get, I got goals and things. I'm trying to get done. So that's the main hope. The music is my girlfriend's first set. There you go. And the rest is side pieces. See, that's another song. Side pieces. I mean, you know how it is. It's a whole song I just gave you, bro. I just gave you a whole song. The music is my girlfriend and you decide piece. You got to understand it. I don't know how that would do with your family. At least you should write that down. Write that down, ladies and gentlemen. I just, you know, I just want the credit. You ain't even got to send me a percentage. I just want the credit. You know, that might be a dope joint. It might be a dope joint. I've been in the music industry. Actually, that's how I started out in the business. I was in the music industry and actually music led to me being in my first movie. And then that was it. And I moved to TV and all that other shit. What a lot of people don't understand is most of your music artists don't write their own music, especially first time artists. You, on the contrary, write most of your records, except for one that we're going to play today. But you write your records. I do. Why did you feel like you needed to be a writer as well? Well, actually, I could be honest with you, man. I mean, it just came, even though I had the practice on it and, you know, and get it to where I need to get it to. But writing was really easy for me. It wasn't a hard thing for me and me being an independent artist. I didn't have to focus on somebody else writing and then they getting all the credit and getting all that publishing and all that type of stuff. Because it came naturally for us. I've been writing since 17. It's been so easy, but I've gotten better over the years. I've always, as long as I can remember, I've always wrote my own. The thing about it is for people who aren't listening because I like to educate as well. Your publishing is really, I mean, you can do shows. That's cool. You can have points on a record or or a percentage of royalty. That's cool. But your publishing is where the real money is when people like you see now commercials where people are, uh, or companies are using music that's, you know, 20, 30, 40, 50 years old. Someone is collecting money from that. So, you know, there's a whole lot of other money that gets made once you have a hit record from the publishing. If you still own your publishing. Some people are smart enough to do that. Some people aren't. And we'll leave those names out. We're going to kick it off to this. We're going to kick it off to this next song. Uh, it's called kisses. Man, what are you going to put your lips on there? Damn. Kiss your pain away kisses. Yeah. Okay. We're going to check it out. Right. Kisses right here. One of a kind. It feels so nice. John White kisses. Now we need to just say it. Stepper alert. That's definitely one. Steppers need to be listening to. I can see that in some stepper club somewhere in the moving around. Is that the kind of motivation you had for this song? Actually, definitely. I was talking with a DJ Lord John. He was like, yo, I listen to all your music and all of his hot that you need to step the song. I don't know if I have no reason but I don't know if it's going to be that, you know, I don't have that but I just can't. I can't go to the lab. I think I did it in one day. I mean, it's kind of rare that I would do it. So one day I finished it all up. I finish it all up in one day sent it off to compete master Jeanne Hurley, he said, yo I love it. I love it. This is it. You know, it's so people love it so much. Nick J Adams know what I'm saying. We do want to be working on the remix and the Yo, I need to get on that one, man. He feeling it that much, so yeah. It's dope. Now, when I saw the title, Kisses and, you know, and then it started playing. I'm like, ready to get up and start stepping. So, you know, I didn't know how that was gonna go, but I actually liked it. And one of the other things I liked is that you're able to transition between different styles. I would say Kiss the Pain Away is probably more of a 90s type of feel to it. And then you go to No Labels, which has a more modern feel to it. And then you got Kisses, which has more of a stepper's feel to it. Now, the one that you didn't write, I ain't gonna lie, I do like this song a lot. Not that I don't like the other ones, but I like this song a lot. And especially since Escape was just throwing verses. So if I'm not gonna give it away before they hear the song, but they'll understand it has a very big escape influence to it. See, I'm gonna check it out and we're gonna talk about it on the other end. It is body language, right here. Shawn White, right here on Rone Fish. Better be careful, baby be careful. There's a baby making tone, better be careful what you're radio on. There's a baby making tone, better be careful what you're radio on. Say something. Wow, Fusion, the artist's name is Shawn. So, Shawn, this is the one song that you didn't write. Yeah, yeah, it's written by legendary Montell Jordan. Me and Lisa was out in Vegas. We had some shows in Vegas and we ran into a producer named Voodoo Spells. He did a lot of producing for people like Ludacris and a lot of big artists. So we met up with the guy, he heard me listen to my show. Like, yo, I got a song for it. I got a song for it. He sent it to me. And then he like, yo, Montell Jordan wrote it. And me in a rough draft of what Montell Jordan did. What Montell Jordan did was called by himself, but you know what I'm saying? He doesn't do second music, of course. Like, yo, you can do this, man. And I bet you can knock it out. So I knocked it out. I sent it to him in a couple of days. They master mixed it. They sent it out to Montell Jordan. Montell Jordan liked it the first time. It was he didn't need to change anything or do anything. He's like, yo, we can roll just like that. So, you know, big ups to Voodoo Spells, big ups to Montell Jordan. Because you know what I'm saying? It's a big honor coming from the dude that's multi-platin. You know what I'm saying? Yo, this is a joint. This, remember, this dude don't roll from people like Cisco, Charlie Wilson, all these other guys. So for him to say, yo, that's hot. And then I performed, and I think it was Alabama. If I'm not mistaken, I performed in Alabama. With him, he presented me. I think it was back in 2019. Yeah, 2019. October 2019, I performed the song. And after I performed the song after I did my show, he was like, yo, good shit, man. Go here, take over this R&B game. This is exactly what he said to me. He whispered that in my ear. So, you know what I'm saying? I take that as a compliment and give me motivation. I really like the song, man. It's really good stuff. I like the direction you're going with the music, man. It's important. I had Leon Rogers on the show a couple weeks ago, and we were talking about the direction music is going in, and we basically talked about the rappers. Everybody's sounding the same. And, you know, I wanna give the young guys and the new up and comers or the new ones to this out, whatever, or just do. But I like it when I can hear a record and it doesn't sound like someone else or anyone else. I will say, R&B field, I do like a lot of the R&B that's coming out. And you are definitely in that mix, bro. And I appreciate it. Appreciate that. Tell people, for sure, tell people how they can link up to your music and you and follow you and all that good stuff. Well, you can link up to me all social media. I am Sean White. That's I am, S-E-A-N-W-Y-T-E. I'm on all major platform, all digital outlets you can find. I wanna send a big ups to Leon Rogers as well, because he had me on the show. Real cool, brother. You know what I'm saying? He didn't have to put me on. He said he liked my song. He liked Easy to Love You. Put me on, I performed that song. And, you know, anytime he needs something from me, I got him. You know what I'm saying? Nothing but a good dude. He blessed me, and I definitely, if I got anything he need, I definitely blessed him. Yeah, he's a good guy. Yeah. He's a good guy. I've been working with him for a lot of years. He's been in three of my movies. Yeah? Yeah. He's been a man. He's a legend. He's a legend. He's been doing his thing for a while. Yeah, it's just time for him to drop the destined legend and just go ahead and say legend. For real, for real. Shout out to Lisa E, who actually told me who you were. Yeah, big shout out to as well, man. Ever since I met her, ever since the first day I did a show with our public announcement, Glenn O'Neill from public announcement, and she was hosting the show. You know, and then we, you know, we started talking. She liked my performance. And then, you know, I was with a bad management company that, you know, they know what they was doing. And then she took on their responsibility when she didn't have to, because she got so many other things that she was doing. So, and since I've dealt with it, it's allowed me to see other people and borrow my horizons and make more money. So, big up to her as well. She's been a blessing to my rich. Well, it's important to have good people around you, especially if they're representing you. That is one of the keys to success. You cannot have idiots representing you, because they will screw up some stuff that you had nothing to do with and now you got people mad at you because they didn't do their job right. So, it's very wise of you to deal with someone like Lisa E. She is a consummate professional and she's a friend of mine. So, you know, what are you gonna do? She's a friend of mine. Hey, hey, what you want from me? She's a friend of mine. Forget about it. Ladies and gentlemen, check out Sean White on all the platforms, just whatever, just go find him right here and there. And you can get the knowledge of where he's gonna be performing. You know, things are opening up back up now, so you can go check him out and definitely check out his music. This is a listening party. We only have a few songs, but he has a bigger catalog that you definitely wanna check out. I appreciate it. Anything else you wanna say, bro? I appreciate you having me on your show, brother. Much love, man. If you need anything, I got you. You know what I'm saying? We gotta link up, man. There's a lot of industry that's going on, man. We gotta bump into each other each other, you know? Definitely, man. You gotta check it out. And then maybe I'll end up doing, directing the music. Well, I don't do music videos. I do like music, movie. Hey, have it, have it. I can help you out. I help you out, brother. I'm gonna make a music movie that's gonna be bigger than music videos are with one of your songs. Guess what we're doing? Count me in, count me in. All right, brother. I appreciate you, man. No problem, man. Thanks for taking the time. For sure, for sure. We'll be back with more Raw Fusion. If you wanna check out some of our films, you can do so at patreon.com slash king b.. What up, it's your boy, the Dexter legend Leon Rogers of 1075 WGCI, I Heart Media Station here in Chicago and also a lady with Leon, my own late night talk show on Fox Soul and you're locked in right now to the Raw Fusion podcast with my man, King B. And remember, Raw is Law. Raw Fusion. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a really good show. I have a brother that I've known for a very long time. He's been kicking ass for a long time as well on the radio. His name is Cool Out. What's up, my brother? He was good, brother. Man, living life one day at a time, successful bust. Well, shit, you've been successful for a long time, my brother. I appreciate it, thank you. Yeah, I mean, most recently you were on Afternoons on Soul 106. I was, as of March 12th, I resigned from my position. But I'm still in radio. Love my boss, Jay Allen, shouts out to him, good dude. But, you know, there was some things that I had to draw the line at. And, you know, sometimes we have to make tough decisions. Okay. But that's part of life, right? Hey, all the time, man, cause you are a hustler. And that's one of the reasons why I wanted to have you in particular on this show. Because don't know if you remember, cause I know you've done so many goddamn shows. You were on GCI, right? Yep, GCI. You did a Sunday night Cool Out. Cool Out thing, yes. Now, that's when I started hearing you on the radio. But when we, you know, met through certain channels in business and being in the industry, one, you were a really cool brother. And so you live up to your name, Cool Out. And then you invited me on your show, on WVON. It's the night Cool Out, the talk show, yes. Yeah, man. Yeah, it was really cool. And it was a call in. And I remember you actually, like, kind of flipping out on the fact that we actually had extra features on the DVD. You're like, y'all doing some real shit. Like, you got extra features? You ain't doing the hood shit. You got some real shit there. But I always wanted to, when doing this platform, man, you know, the people that work with you when you're starting out. And, you know, I'm really loyal to those kind of people. You know what I mean? At that time, you know, I had had my TV show, but I was just doing my independent movie thing. You didn't have to bring me on the show. Not at all. And you did, bro. So I want to appreciate that. Number two, when I got this platform, it's a shit, man, you got to come on here, bro. Despite me, man, I think it's important for all of us to stay connected and, you know, to utilize each other's energy or platforms because we're all in the same place. You know, some people may look at me and say, wow, you've done a lot. And somebody actually said that before. But when I look at myself, I might be more critical. And we do that. We tend to be more critical about what we've done, you know, but there are a lot of people who wish they could be in your spot. You know, they were looking to be able to connect with the people that you connect with and vice versa. So I appreciate those words. It gives me a perspective that I don't always hear. Well, let me tell you something, man. I was talking to the young lady last week from Botswana. And she actually had me on her show and she was talking about we were talking about bullying and shit like that. And I'm like, really, you know, we get sometimes you get caught up in what other people think. Right. And I'm like, to hell with them, man, they are people. I'm a person. You're a person. So who is a fuck what you really think? Really? I mean, don't get me wrong. You know, I'm really good to people. I'm really nice to people. But, you know, a lot of people will come into your life and try to tear you down. And I'm not going to allow you to do that because you're a person, you know what I mean? We're on equal footing. And so you may not like me, but I like me. Although we are our own worst critic at times. And sometimes we have to curb that and really get to the point where we admire the shit that we do, you know, is to be on the inside. You don't really get it sometimes when you're doing it. And then you have to step outside of yourself and kind of kind of look at it and see what actually what you're doing, you know what I mean? Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. I think stepping outside of yourself is key in order to be successful, because I think a lot of times individuals can, for lack of a better term, believe the headlines, believe that, you know, they shit don't stink. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're greater in their mind, which is what you should think because you need confidence. You want to exude confidence, but you also want to be realistic. You know, you got to step outside and look at yourself from how people look at you. And I don't think people do that enough, you know? And sometimes I think that because you don't, it may cause us to lose opportunities, you know? But this world is based off communication, man. And even though we have to communicate with each other, we have to communicate with ourselves in order to understand what we're doing and where we want to go. And that's just real talk to me. It is real talk. I was telling I was telling Lisa E and then subsequently Leon Rogers. Lisa E. Yeah, Lisa E. She's great. We had on the show a couple of weeks a few weeks ago and in Leon as well. And I was telling them that I tried this internet radio shit. I did that shit for a month. I was like, hell, no. I'm talking about five days a week, man. What the fuck is this? Like, are you serious? This is what the shit is. Nah, bro, you know, and I suppose if I had a team or, you know, getting paid a lot of money, I'd stick through it. But, you know, you guys got to realize what you guys actually do. That is a lot of shit, man. Like to come up with something to talk about every day and then be entertaining every day. That's a hell of a lot of work, bro. I think a lot of people don't know how or what it takes to really be successful. You know, it's just like anybody who wants to make a movie, you know, or wants to to to have a hit song, you know, we see it and be like, oh, I can do that. And yeah, you might be able to do it, but can you really do it? Like putting the work in is difficult, man. And radio isn't what it used to be as far as my perspective only because social media and platforms, because now everybody has a show. Everybody has a mic. Everybody's doing a podcast. Everybody's doing some form of radio. So, you know, for me, the question is, what purpose do radio disc jockey serve? And you know, so I think we're at a critical point in just the history of radio because the real talk, who has a radio anymore in the house that they turn on? And if you are your car, you might turn it on. But most of the times you got your own playlist on various platforms or you might listen to somebody, you know, just to see what they're doing. You know, the days of the Tom Joyner coming from the bottom getting to the top is that over? I don't know. You know, and then big time comedians, you know, if you got, of course, for companies, they look at, well, I need somebody who can be popular on all platforms so that we can monetize because it's about money, regardless if they're good or not. Eddie, you know, that's like, you know, me being a popular basketball player doesn't mean I'm going to be a good radio personality or act, but it's all about the money. Talk about it. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? But it's it's all about the money. So that's why you have your Steve Harvey's, your DL Hugh Gleeson, these smileys, great comedians. And not to say that this shows anything to matter with it. But, you know, but you know, companies look at it like, wow, we can use it since everybody knows these personalities and that's been the game for a while. You know, they don't want to pay a local personality who might be a great radio personality, money when they can pay this personality the same amount of money, but put them in 50 different cities and the return on this, that investment makes sense to that company, you know, big companies, you know, radio personalities, we're just announcers now. That that's the way they look at us. But, you know, just like anything else, man, you make a good film, it will get seen. You make a good record, it will get hurt. You can't take away quality, you know, but quality is not what we focus on. You know, microwave engine. Yeah, it's like, you know, you remember that controversy a few years ago where they had a bunch of war rappers were just, you know, turning actors at a rapid rate. You know, that, that kind of equates to that. And me being an actor, filmmaker, I never really saw the problem with it. And if you are willing to put in the work, because if you think it's as easy as you think it is, it's not, not at all. So, so that, that's going to happen. That's happening to every industry, especially like you said, everybody does. There's so many podcasts and so many things. And I made the mistake of not really jumping online as early as I probably should. So now you have to compete against like a million other people now, you know what I mean? But the thing about it is, is hopefully, hopefully we're still in a society where the cream rises to the top. Well, I think we, we are still in that society. And I can't, you can't be mad at cats who just trying to make a living and see an opportunity, like even with rappers, you know, they got, they pop people. Of course it's about money. And I know for some actors, I would hear actors that would feel offended. It's like, you know, here they are that they're, you know, working their craft in the park goes to somebody who got a popular song as opposed to somebody who's an actor and deserves. Well, you know, and who's not to say that that, that rapper doesn't deserve it. It's just, you know, it's, it's just that that's, that's part of the seasoning of the plate, you know, unfortunately, and it never will change, you know, tomorrow if you get, you know, something viral hits B and all of a sudden everybody knows your name, you know, you know, whoever feels like they can monetize your popularity will do so. That's just business one on one, you know, a lot of for the sake of what, you know, enthusiasts or people who are, I hate to say true to the game, but, you know, they might feel slighted. You had the same thing with hip hop arts, you know, somebody to make a hit record and all they said was, huh, huh, as opposed to somebody who spit knowledge on the hip hop record, some of them will feel a little slighted because, oh, here's the shit that gets popular versus what I'm really getting. You know what I mean? It's just, it's junk food compared to healthy food. You know, and then people have their preference, but that's just the way it is. I can't get mad at it and I never will, but the more we understand the game, the better you get at playing it. And I do believe that regardless of all the stuff that's out, quality, and if it's good, it's good. You know, you can't sell me, right. You can't sell me on something that's terrible trying to amend. This is dope. This is great. No, not to my ears it is. What's good is good and it will rise to a top. So there's an advantage to this disadvantage of everybody doing podcast and, you know, which is great is the fact that it forces you to either be more creative or to develop yourself better where you can stand out without having to do ridiculous things to do so. You know what I'm saying? And that's the biggest thing. What was that movie? Can't think of the name of it right. No, it's Ghettoist Shit and Four. No, seriously. And I literally got on line. I said, if y'all, this is shit. And it went, it was so popular, bro. It was like a it was like a you might know it is this guy. It was something like a documentary, but I think it was scripted and he was going around the hood. It might have been the south and he was just doing all kinds of dumb ass shit in the hood. And it was and I can't even think of the name of that movie, but it was big for a minute. And I was on social media and I said, this is the shit y'all want. Yeah, I can forget it because I'm not going. I'm not just I'm just not doing that shit, man. And that is in the head. They might have thought that this was going to work. I can't tell you how many times I've been on films and they've been like, yeah, this is going to be the next best thing since sliced bread. OK, it is a thing. It actually did work. And that's why I was like, oh, shit. If this is where we're going, I'm not really one of them. Yeah, I mean, let me see it. I'm going to see what you said. Well, let me ask you this, though. It'll be like when you say it worked. What's the standard of something being successful for you? Let's see. That's interesting. That's an interesting question. Successful for me. You know, people don't understand how easy it is to make a million dollars in this thing, you know what I mean? You really at that time, there were still DVDs. You really only need to sell 100,000 DVDs at $10 a watt. When you are talking about 300, somebody a million just here in the United States, you just, you know, you got to get it out there. That's why a lot of people would go to those distribution deals. The only problem is, you know, like your Mavericks and stuff like that. At the time, they would just sign anything like anything like the worst shit. And that was a money thing. Because I think they would send you a wallet check on a consistent basis. You know, some they were doing that. How much money were they making off of that? How much money was Matt Maverick making off of those things? That's a shitload of money, man, because all you got to do is sell like 100,000 units, you know what I'm saying? So you can get anything slapped up against the wall. And if you got 10 projects, you know what I'm saying? Now you're down to selling just 10,000 units a project, you know, to make a million and they were everywhere. But I know people who got that deal and all they got was like 20 grand out of the deal. So for the filmmakers, it wasn't that great. For them, it was fantastic because, you know, like I said, you just sell 10,000 units, you're done. That's a million. All right, bring in some more bullshit. Sell that another 10,000 units, you know what I'm saying? Of each, like I said, if you got 10 of them and each one of them hits 10,000, that's 100,000 times 10 a million dollars. It's a crazy game. But again, the filmmakers only getting like 20 grand. You know what I'm saying? So I wish I can get resources right now because I got a couple of projects that I got one that I'm ready to to get produced and some other stuff. Man, I just getting the resources, finding the money to make stuff happen. That's the difficult part, my perspective, because, you know, those opportunities are far and few between and a lot of them are relationship based. I mean, it ain't like if you and I had the gang of money. All right, brother, here, let's figure out here. You know, you know, but unfortunately, we don't have the resources like, you know, so that's been the challenge on marketing is finding those resources. You know, I was doing this before before this thing actually was affordable to get the quality that you can get now for a lower price. Like I got this. I spent like two and a half grand on a computer that now it wouldn't be ten dollars, you know what I'm saying? And then the cameras then, you know what I mean? They can't compare to what you can. I spent for a better camera. I think I spent a grand than the camera that I spent, you know, almost three grand on then. So you have access to more things. My thing was always, man, because I came from like the, well, actually, as an actor, I was in bigger movies. But when I came to direct and I put my own money up for it, you know, shit, man, you get people and you run and you do the shit on the fly. We had the money for it, you know what I'm saying? If I told you how much I did for how much I spent for the gangster movie, you wouldn't believe me at all at all. And that was before we did you. Did you make did you make money on that? There's no way I couldn't make money on it. It was so low. What I spent is no way I couldn't have made money. But even if I had a decent budget, yeah, we we made money on it, you know what I'm saying? But then the difference was because I was I refused to take those distribution deals, I had to distribute it myself, which is the reason why it didn't go as worldwide as it could have. But I was not going to take that deal because you're telling me 20 grand and I can make that on the street with my movie. Easy. That's only 2000 units as we were charging $10 a while. So, bro, I'm not going to give you my shit. And then I can't even touch my own shit for 20 years for 20 grand. Fuck out of here, man. So that was the thing. But I made my money back off the first premiere. It's a but you got to know the game, you know what I'm saying? You got to know, fortunately, I had a bit of a following for my TV show and and I was willing to get out there and hustle and introduce it to new people. And they gravitated to it. And, you know, we did we did well, you know, not well enough to do as much as I wanted to do, but I could eat at night. You know what I'm saying? And I wasn't stressing over money. I wasn't riding in a Bentley, though. You know what I'm saying? But now there are different platforms that you can get out there to more people. I'm probably looking to some stream platform and stuff like that. So, I mean, you know, it's a little bit script, a little bit writing. It was done well, edited well, and people still like it. So this day, people come back and say, I'm going to watch a movie. You know what I mean? So it was done well. The acting was good. So if you have the quality everywhere else, people can forgive the fact that you did this so long ago that the quality has changed in production value as opposed to having great production value, which a lot of people who come out of Columbia and things of that nature, they learn how to shoot it, the light it to all that kind of stuff and have no creativity whatsoever. And it looks great. And the rest of it is shit. The acting is terrible. The writing is terrible. The story is terrible. So I've seen that a lot as well. Totally ate up anybody who graduated from Columbia. No, no, no, no, that's not what I mean. I know, I know, I know, I'll just teach some of them. Yeah, some of them are good. They have creativity because you got to understand when going to those things like even with the acting classes, you can teach the technical part. You can teach the technology. You can't teach creativity. I'm sure you've had people that come from or met people that come from the broadcast world and they know what to do on the radio, but they don't have the creativity or the ideas or the intelligence or whatever it takes to be a radio personality five days a week. You know, that's not a slight against Columbia or any of the people who came from Columbia at all. Got you, got you. No, I knew what you was talking about. I was just messing with you. So Columbia, if you listen to anybody love it, he did not mean that I was just being, you know, my thing is, is can't teach creativity, no matter how hard you try. You know what I mean? Oh, you can. You got to you got to have. It's almost like if you don't have the natural skills, you're not going to be, you know, you won't be as successful as you think you will. Well, that's with anything, basically. You know what I mean? I mean, you have to have you have to have the passion. If you get in this shit just to make money, OK. Brother, passion, I wonder, I mean, that's that's that's real talk. Passion is, I don't know. How often do you find people that actually have passion? How many people will do what they do for free? I want a lot of them. You know, there's a lot of passion stuff. Yeah, there's a lot of people out there that do it. You know, when you when you think about film, film is the one medium that encompasses just about every art form there is. You know, if you're a photographer, that can kind of translate into film. We shoot frames of film. If you're a musician, there's music and film. If you're an actor, obviously, there's acting in film. If you're a writer, there's writing in film. If you're an editor, there's editing in film. Like, you know, even your artist or painter or something like that, they will know how to frame a picture which kind of translate into film. So just about every art form, clothing. Just think about there's, you know, people with fashion and stuff like that. Do you have a passion for fashion? Yours is a job for you and film. If you have a passion for makeup, there's a job for you and film. Like it encompasses just about every art form there is. So, you know, there's a lot of people that have a lot of passions for what they do. Just got to find where they fit in this whole thing. Finding out where you comfortable at. Yeah. Yeah, that's important, man. I love it, man. I'm looking to do another film project. So, God, if you hear me, please help me with resources. I enjoy it, man. Driven to L.A. several times just to work on somebody else's project. Sometimes, bro, you just got to do it, you know? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Take, take, even if it's not the big budget thing of a jig, you can do a film and then people will see it and say, oh, you did that for how much money? OK, well, now we can put a bag behind behind you and we're after the races. You know, we don't have to worry about it. And that's how I got my TV show. You've been doing this thing on cable access for how long? OK, all right. And we know, you know what you're doing. All right, come over here with, you know, broadcast boards. You know what I'm saying? And it could be that simple sometimes. Sometimes you just got to get out there and do something, you know, put something out there. Look at these cats now on the internet, man. You know, they're doing these little low clips, you know what I'm saying? And six, seven, eight million views. OK, people are getting looked at, man. And if they know what to say and how to say it and how to do it when they come in front of those people, you know, it can turn into a situation. So I always encourage, you know, even if you don't feel comfortable doing a feature, do a short, you know, five, 10 minutes, get your idea out there. That's what's important. It's kind of like the rappers, whereas when we were coming up, you had to have money for a studio. That shit was like in some places, two hundred dollars an hour, you know, two, three hundred dollars an hour. Now they're in the basement. The need to have a big studio budget is not necessarily needed in this day in time, because cats are recording in their basement. Yeah, yeah. And they're doing their podcasts in the basement. So, you know, I'm doing this. Mike, the boy, we set up. Let's go. Yeah. And you know what else I've noticed? Like in the podcasting realm, like you used to have where these artists would go to the radio guys and they would do the interviews. But now these people in the industry, like rappers are doing interviews with other rappers and they're getting much better content than any radio person would. Oh, yeah. They're talking about stuff because they can relate. They're on a whole other level. Some of this stuff is dope. Like your boy Joe Buttons, he's doing one. You know, else who has a good one is Noriega. He does drink champs. Oh, yeah, they get stuff. They they get them like, yo, these cats are getting stuff that, you know, regular radio guys might not necessarily get, you know, and it's not to say that they wouldn't give it to us, but they got better relationships with these artists. And then you know, more comfortable like we were talking before. I'm going to cuss, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, and it's definitely a different platform because radio is still pieces, you know what I mean? FCC still run that. Yeah, you know, and that freedom like I was saying, you know, when I got on HPK, you know, and you could cuss on there because whatever, I don't know how, but you could and still were on the radio. I just said, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, just because it was freeing because every time you go to the radio and do an interview and I've been on just about every major radio station in Chicago, you know, in the back of your mind, you're saying, OK, make sure you don't cuss. Don't say that. Don't say that, you know what I mean? So it's like when you are able to be free and whatever you say, you just have to be able to deal with the consequences of what you say. But whatever you say, you know, you can you can just be free and say that. It puts an artist or someone else in a different place to where they can express themselves how they want to, as opposed to how they're supposed to. You know, it's very different. I like the up and smoke podcast, you know, basketball players talking to basketball players, but they keep it right. You know what I mean? They keep it real. They're able to say stuff, you know what I'm saying? They normally wouldn't be able to say. So, you know, when you when you have that freedom, I think that opens up the door as well. I'm looking for the cool out podcast. You know what? I don't know if it's if I don't know if I would necessarily call what I would do a podcast. I did a few, you know, I don't even I'm still trying to figure out how that looks to be real talk because. Like what's the apprehension? Well, one, before everybody was doing podcasts. Yeah, I'd call it a podcast, but now everybody has a podcast. It almost in my mind, it almost seems redundant to call something else another podcast because, you know, from the marketing standpoint, it's like, Oh, here's another podcast. What makes this podcast any different? You know, and again, I can get on social media and sell everybody. I got the greatest things to slice bread. But if it isn't there, it isn't there. So for me, I'm always looking for the curve, looking for how to fill a space that has avoided, you know what I mean? And radio is going to find that space probably by itself. The people that are in charge and then control it, whoever they may be, you know, it all I liken it to this and always say this and Kanye West did something that for the rest of life, I can use as an example of how things change when you don't expect it or you don't know that it could change. And Kanye West, nobody, you know, before he became Kanye West, he was just a kid out here on the street, probably walked past and didn't recognize him. He didn't look like what rappers look like at that time. Right. Went to New York, worked hard, got a relationship, started rapping. Didn't even sound like everybody. But when Kanye came out, he changed the game because now I went from gangster to everybody wanted to wear backpacks, wanted to be, you know, had that college look, you know, and nobody saw it coming. But it feel to avoid because there were people who could relate to that who hip hop at the time or music at the time was not connected, you know, and it's just a matter of time. Everything has its ceiling. Everything has to change and radio is going to have to be redefined because again, you're working on a system that you've been using since the forties and fifties. It's not the same anymore. Technology has bitten into radio. So it's like radio. I was just reading something where the revenue of radio was down overall. I just was reading that yesterday. Yeah. You know, and I remember when I was working at GCI and Facebook came out, it's a new thing, right? So I don't know if GCI was clear channel to his iHeart media at the time, but GCI, the company said, nobody say the word Facebook on it. It's like, that's like telling me not to use the word gun in a sentence when I'm talking. It's like this is part of social evolving and they tried to do something their own called the block. But again, they only saw the monetary value. But what you did see is that this was a social and historic changing of the guard. And regardless of what you say, you can't stop it. So you either jump on board and embrace it just like with you were talking about internet. You're like, man, you know, for you being a filmmaker, internet is like, OK, but because you saw the use and you were used to using the talents and being face to face. Now social media has made it easy where anybody can do anything on air, regardless of the production level, regardless of the production quality. I should say, you know, I mean, is jump on hand and then with Facebook and Instagram and all these other social medias, even with girls. I'm in a mall the other day and a girl walks past and she has this harness on her waist. And my mind is like, why does she have that? And a friend of mine was telling me that's what they have to wear when they get the bud injection or the bud implant. And I'm sitting like, I mean, exactly just no words. Like we are at a point where bud implants is a normal now, so they can get on social media and show how big they as it. But yet if you try to walk to a girl or you look at a sexually, I'm independent. Don't look at, you know, so it's almost contradictory. I'm confused myself where our society is. You know, you want to be respected as a woman, but then you got other women who are sexualizing every single thing about themselves. And then we'll jump on the independent woman bandwagon. Don't look at me like this. It's like, okay. It tits our house. Damn it. I'm going to look at you like that. Shit. You know, so it's just we're at a strange placement. Things are changing socially, technologically. Yeah. Things are changing, you know, even with gender. We had a point now where you I was in a store and didn't realize this was a it was a girl in front of me had the body of a woman. And, you know, you see a woman with baby. OK, then I heard the girl behind me say, oh, I went to school with him. I said, yeah, like, yeah, that's a dude. I was like, you couldn't even tell. I was like, you know what? I give up. I'm not looking at women ever. My mind, I'm just staying inside the house. And places to them if they want to be happy. I'm cool with that. It's just things are so different now. Our kids, I'm raising my daughter and son, you know, it's different from him, man, you know, totally. Well, shit, man, this is not the drink chance. We are not here all fucking day. Amen. I appreciate you coming on the show. Well, I'm going to be looking for the next thing. Is there anything in the works that you want to talk about? I'm hosting the events June 19th for men out at Country Club Hills Theater. So I'll be out there on the 19th. And if you go to my Facebook page, Cool Out Radio, the show, I'm posting content there, which is part of my video packaging and some of the TV show stuff that I'm doing. And, you know, I got some other projects in the work. So just one step at a time, man. And with God's help, hope to be back on air sometime soon somewhere. So we shall see. It's going to happen, man. That's your mouth, God's ears, brother. Maybe it's time for a cool out radio station. Oh, yeah. Hey, hey, I hear that I accept that. So that's what's up. But I appreciate you, man. No problem. And we'll talk soon. And until next time, bro. Most of most of it's time to talk some shit. With King B, King B's Raw Fusion podcast Well, it's exciting sometimes when you can introduce some things, look at things differently. When you can explore the possibilities and get out there and do something that you probably haven't done before. There's the newness of it. Sensory overload sometimes. And sometimes it's the knowledge that you gain from certain things. Sometimes people are afraid. But sometimes it's time to get out there and enjoy the time we have in this our fusion.