Ever want to know what really goes on behind the scenes of a news station? Today we investigate Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Ladies and gentlemen, we have special guest with us today. A celebrity to a lot of people if you're in the Minnesota area. Should be a national celebrity and she's just that good. Georgia Fort and she's on Raw Fusion. Welcome to Raw Fusion. Hey, you're like celebrity. I don't know if I say all that, but I'll take it. Well, yeah, I mean, you've done radio and television, a news anchor. Come on, you're a celebrity. They own it. You know, I just feel like I have worked with so many people in my career who have these huge egos. And, you know, they can be rude. They can be disrespectful. And so I just told myself early on my, in my career that I wasn't going to operate in that capacity. So I just try to be humble. That's all with me. It's kind of the same way. I wanted to be the type of person that could be an asshole, but was it? You know what I mean? You know, just still be a good person. Although I have called myself an asshole when doing work, because my thing is if you're not here to work, then you shouldn't be here. You know, when it comes to the business, I am kind of one of those. Yeah. One of those, you know, look, Michael Jordan, I didn't know he was so much of an asshole. I mean, on the court, but in order to achieve greatness, sometimes you have to be a hard taskmaster. You know, it's just no way around it sometimes. So let's tell everyone why you are a celebrity. You were on the radio for a very long time, right? That's correct. And you had your own show and that went so well that you eventually became a news anchor. I didn't even see that coming. We became friends when you were on radio. We talked a lot and I was doing film and I, you know, we talked about, you know, your goals and aspirations. I don't think once we said news anchor, how'd that come about? No, yeah, the plan was not to be a news anchor, but the plan was to transition into television. And so taking the role of news anchor was a way to do so. I worked in broadcast radio for probably about seven years. Old school R&B then transitioned into hip hop radio when I moved to Columbus, Georgia. And it was there. I think I just got really burnt out from all of the entertainment gossip. And, you know, as I was getting older and being a mother and a single mother at the time, you know, I just wanted more substance in my work. And suddenly being a reporter, something that felt really stuffy before and too serious. All of a sudden it started becoming attractive to me. And because I had always done more than just radio, you know, I had been modeling. I was also a TV personality for a couple of different companies in their marketing campaigns. I had also landed an entertainment segment on the news. So I was on the news every Friday at 5.30 and was working part-time actually at a public access television station. And so I think all of those things combined helped me be able to transition into news. And I mean, if you think back to those early days, like when we first met, I was doing a lot of on-camera interviews with celebrities at that time. And I was doing a lot of my own production and directing and editing. And so along the way, I had accumulated the skill set that's required to be a reporter. And so the transition was pretty seamless, but it definitely, you know, total different vibe, total different personality. And like yourself, I think a lot of folks who used to listen to me, especially when I was in hip hop radio, got to see a totally different side of me and got to see how versatile, you know, that I am. But, you know, I think back, you know, when you were doing film, I was also trying to get my actor reel together. I just wasn't 100% sure what I wanted to do. So I was trying a lot of different things and trying to figure it out. But having that acting background and training makes it really easy to kind of get into character, so to say. Yeah, you know, I know some news personalities here. And, well, let me say, I partied with some of them. Ooh, they would not. If there were cameras going on then, ooh, wee. And not as stuffy as you think they are, although they have to be for TV. I know some, they can cut loose, I'll tell you that. And you definitely, and I've been telling you, I mean, you know it, you have to. You definitely have a face for TV. I've known some other radio personalities that, ooh, no. You meet them and it's like, hmm. Yeah, you should definitely do radio. But I've seen a change. I'm sorry, but it's true. It's not nice, but it's true. And that goes back to the asshole part. You know, we have to be realistic sex cells. And if you're not, if you're not really in the social accepted norm of beauty, you're not going to be successful in TV most of the time. And that's unfortunate, but then I think the responsibility lands on the people just as much as us in the business because if you turn off the TV because the person isn't pleasant to look at, who's responsible? You know what I mean? It's just reality. That's true. So, you know, I talk all the time about, you know, okay, we can complain about the rap music, the movies. You know, I did a mafia film, a gangster movie. I did two. It was my most successful movie. I did a love story, a comedy. You know what they wanted? They wanted the gangster movie. Of course. So it's like, you know, if you want to ridicule us on this side, that's fine. And certainly a lot of the things that we do, and I'm including myself, you know, I've gone back and forth. Should I be putting this out, you know? But at the same time, you have a responsibility as a consumer as well, because if you don't buy it, we don't make it. You know, some of the things we do out of passion, some of the things we do is simply because it's going to sell, you know? And if you don't like it, don't buy it. It's business. If you don't like it, don't buy it. You know what I mean? Or watch it, or click on it, or share it. Exactly. I digress. Anyway, it is a beautiful thing that you have the bright ground that you do. I know we were talking about, I tried, ladies and gentlemen, I had very hard to get it to come to Chicago. Yeah, I remember that. I wanted you to move. I still think that would be a better move. Well, I've been in Chicago. I have family. My grandmother owned a home for 50 years in Kankakee. My daughter's family's from Chicago Heights, Markham, Harvey area. Yeah. So, you know, and my husband, now I'm married, and he is from Chicago. So I mean, it's, you know, just a couple of hours. But if there was no, there was never like a substantial, you know, job that drew me there. And so I just couldn't justify just going to Chicago to chase a dream. And the weather is not even better. It's just as cold. It's just as cold. But I will say in defense again, you know, a lot of people, well, not a lot, but a substantial amount of people have come here to this market and have gone on national. Yeah. I think you're better. I, you know, I just really, you know, I actually support you. You know, I'm not one of those fake people. If I like you and I support you, I really do support you. And, you know, but Lester Hope was an anchor here for a while. So our radio is concerned. We were talking about Tom Joyner and Rest in Peace Doug Banks. I mean, it's a springboard. And I, I'm willing to bet you with you, your personality, sorry, your looks, you would be national a couple years, a couple years, you know, you'd be on the accelerated track. I just believe in you that much. I'm sorry. I appreciate that. And I'm back in the Midwest now. So, you know, maybe there are some possibilities that I can make some road trips. I definitely have been leaning into a couple of different postboards that have opportunities. I've seen come up in Chicago for Vox and vice and other online platforms like that. So I definitely have thought about putting some, you know, effort into getting out there and covering some stories independently, but in terms of like full fledged moving, we grown, grown. I need a job. So it's different. Yeah. The sacrifices you can make when you are, you know, in college, fresh out of college, and then, you know, 10 years post college, it's just a different thought process. So I mean, I love Chicago. I enjoy myself every time that I travel there. And, you know, it's a hop, skipping a jump. So if it makes sense, why not? Yeah, I understand. I'm still gonna, I get you. I know you're making the right moves. Show me the coins. Show me the coins and I'll come. I am not mad at you. That's why I said about this, this podcast. Like, you know, they're like, well, you know, they also do podcasts on video and you can put it on. Hey, show me the money right now. I'm not getting paid for this shit. So you want me to get cute and all that kind of stuff. It comes with a price. Yeah. I'm sorry. I know that price. All right. Now I'm interested in what you're doing now. I see you running around with the camera. What is this? What are you doing? What is it? What's going on? What the heck is this? I've seen it, but I want you to tell the people. Well, it's interesting because this is what I was doing when I was a reporter, but people didn't know that. So my official title when I was a news reporter was actually multi-media journalist, which is just a dumb fancy name for a reporter with their own camera. And so for what? Four or five years I clocked in nine a.m. went to my editorial meeting, got my assignment and I hit the pavement. And so it was my responsibility to book my interview or interviews, drive to them, film them, get whatever B roll or supplemental media I needed for my report, come back, edit it, write it, put it in the system, grab all the live gear, go wherever my live shop was going to be, set up all the live equipment, go live by five. And typically you're live at like five, five, 36. You know, the news just repeats itself over and over every 30 minutes. And then when I was done with that, come back and transform my script that I had written for television into an AP Web style version that I would then post on the Web and share to social media. So basically you're from A to Z, you're packaging a story entirely by yourself. And so when I entered into this space, which I kind of got pushed into, it wasn't like I really wanted to leave news. I was working in a really rural market. So there was only one or two percent African American, but I still felt compelled to, you know, dig deep into that community, that small percentage and find our stories. And so I ended up getting terminated two weeks after my story with the Duluth police chief aired. He went on camera. He did a one-on-one sit down interview with me on camera for the first time talking about his family's role in the Duluth lynchings. And so it was actually his great aunt who had falsely accused these black circus workers of rape. And in turn it incited this huge mob to break into the jail, you know, get these guys out of the jail and lynch them in downtown Duluth. And so for me, I just thought, you know, this was during the time when the Philando Castile verdict came out and officer Jeronimo Yanez was found not guilty. And so, you know, clearly at that time in Minnesota, there were and obviously it's escalated since George Floyd was murdered. But at that time, you know, it was kind of like boiling and we knew that there were tensions between police and communities of color. And so this story was extremely relevant at the time, but very problematic to be a black person in a community where the police chief is a direct descendant of someone who incited lynchings, you know? And so, yeah, so I did that story two weeks later. My ass was fired. And they told me it was because I wasn't eligible for a maternity leave, which was actually true. They found, you know, a loophole. And my husband and I, we were recently married. We're expecting, I gave birth 11 months and two weeks into my contract in order to be eligible for maternity leave under federal law. You have had to work for a company for 12 months. So despite being nominated for an Emmy and all of the ratings on every newscast that I anchored and produced, they didn't find a way to preserve my job and figure out a way to cover those two weeks. So they let me go. So I don't, you know, I don't really think that it was fully because of me not being eligible for a maternity leave. I definitely feel like it was retaliation for the type of stories that I wanted to tell. And since after I got pushed out, I kind of kept in touch with people there. And there was a couple other people of color who were pushed out as well. And so I didn't want to give up all that I had learned and I tried to get hired at the mainstream media stations in my hometown because I was working two hours north of my hometown. So I came back to the cities and across the board, you know, it's just, there's a lot of systematic racism in Minnesota. And before George Floyd was murdered, I don't think people would fully understand what I mean. But now the world has been able to see that Minnesota is racist as hell. And so despite the fact that I've worked in the industry 12 years to Emmy nominations, I've worked in multiple markets. I have a college degree. They told me I didn't have enough experience. But yet still I serve on boards as a professional. I serve on boards. Minnesota Society of Professional Journalists, Twin Cities, Media Alliance, and through a lot of networking. I've worked with some of the producers at these mainstream stations. And one in particular is a white man who is in college and he commutes from St. Cloud on the, he's the weekend producer. So he'll commute, you know, he'll go back to St. Cloud for the week. And then on Friday he comes up to the cities and he clocks in. And so for me to, you know, network and meet individuals like that, it's a slap in the face. It's very apparent that, you know, their hiring practices are discriminatory because here you have a white man who has no college degree yet, no, absolutely no experience in the industry. And yet still you can find a slot for him on the weekend. And here I am 12 years into my career, two Emmy nominations and you can't, you can't find an overnight slot. You can't find a freelance position. You can't find nothing. So I kind of leaned into a member when Tyler Perry said, if they won't give you a seat at the table, make your own. So when you say, what is it that you're doing? That's what I'm doing. I'm just making my own table because I'm tired of playing their game. I'm tired of trying to conform. And now I can call out all their bullshit. You know, when I was working in mainstream media, I didn't have a choice on how I wanted to wear my hair. I had to wear my hair straight every single day. And it's extremely damaging when you're an African-American woman and you have to heat your hair multiple times a day. And I remember one day, not that I was trying to be defiant or rebellious because I really loved my job at the time. But I actually had like a flat tire. I was having a bad day and I ran out of time. I just didn't have time to straighten my hair. And so I came in to work with my hair curly and they're like, yeah, you don't have our permission to change your image. You signed a contract that said that you would maintain the same image that we hired you with. And if you show up to work like this again, you will be reprimanded. No. And so now there's some laws to protect, you know, situations like that from happening. But the industry has set a standard that black women should conform to the European standard of beauty. And it's caused so many self-worth issues, self-confident issues, and even financial issues. Black women running out here spending $400 on hair, you know, trying to get their hair done every other week. So, I mean, and it goes way deeper than imaging. You know, when you talk about mainstream media, I remember covering an officer-involved shooting and I had exclusive interviews with the family, with the mother. I was the first to break the story after it happened. And when I got back to the newsroom, my news director asked me to go pull as a development on the story, go pull the criminal history of the man who was shot. And the man who was shot, number one, I could not refer to as a victim. You'll never hear a person who shot by police refer to as a victim. But I was asked to go find his criminal history. And so my only card and my only line of defense at that time as a journalist who really wants to advocate for my people and portray us in a better light, my only card was, okay, well then to keep the story neutral and unbiased and balanced, I'm also going to go pull the history of the cop. 12 pages of complaints, four of them are racial profiling, but guess what? It never made the five o'clock news. And so it's stuff like that, that continues to perpetuate false narratives and negative ideologies of who we are as a people. It's situations like that, that continue to uphold white supremacy. That cop got painted out to be a hero and that black brother ended up looking like a criminal and a thug. And it's not because that officer has a clean record or is any better of a human being than that black man. It's simply because of decisions, editorial decisions that are made in newsrooms all across America to regurgitate police narratives. And so for me, I know that I can't be this forward and aggressive about changing the narrative, working for mainstream media. And so I finally made a decision within myself that I don't want to work for them anymore. That I won't allow them to control my voice to omit truth from the things that come out of my mouth. But hey, if y'all want to hire me as a freelancer and let me pop on your platform, I'll definitely do so as long as I retain control and ownership of the thing that I'm creating. But I don't want to be an employee of any of these networks anymore because they have some serious deep-rooted systematic issues that they need to filter out of the fabric of their company culture. They are full of shit. I'll say it for you. We're going to get into more of just how full of shit they are when we come back with Georgia Fort right here of our fusion. If you want to check out some of our films, you can do so at Patreon.com slash King B. Raw Fusion a lot of people don't understand why I'm still in Chicago a lot of people don't understand Why I made the moves that I made you know me have my TV show on PBS was great You know one of the reasons it was great is because I own the show I did much of the things that you said you did I had a half hour show a week So I had to do all that stuff every week and that's another reason that I got the hell out of there, man I mean, it's just you really don't have a life. You just don't have a life It's all TV. You're in pre-production for one show production on another show Post-production on another show all in the same week until the season is over. Just basically and people don't understand Now I wasn't in the position that you were in Where people were telling me what to do. I mean, we had conversations on Things with the brass but for the most part I did what I wanted to do And then they would have to convince me first that if I was going in a direction that probably and they were probably right And it was only one time maybe I'll talk about that later But for the most part I did what I wanted to do they were great most of the time It's not that sweet and people are being told what to do when we look at the political arena That's why a lot of my views politically are different from a lot of our people And you still may not agree with me even if you're not influenced But I know the truth and the truth is that most of these stations are controlled by Democrats And if you come up with any kind of narrative that doesn't support the candidate that they are supporting Yeah, you're not gonna have a long time there That's big because they try to put out certain things that supports the candidates When it's supposed to be Neutral that goes along with saying what you were saying if you are reporting the news You should be in my opinion Neutral if you are going to do an opinion show that's different But if you are reporting the news report the goddamn news and leave your opinion out of it and all too often Even if it's not the Reporter or the anchor is some producer somewhere telling you okay, we need you to do this You know, you're supposed to do this and that is because they are supporting whether it's the owners or Or there are political positions on certain issues I'm glad that you were able to come on and say What's really going on behind the scenes because they know how much influence they have Let's be frank. We tell people what to do all the time in TV We just do that is the reason why people spend so much money on Advertising because we're telling you go buy this go buy that and people say that doesn't work bullshit That's the reason why they spend millions of dollars a year because we're telling people what to do I'm sorry. You brought up that you brought up that dude dressing up in the dress. I'm sorry I appreciate the business that he's done, but that bullshit about guys and dresses, you know 10 years ago. Well, however you feel about it 10 15 years ago guys and dresses was not acceptable Then this guy shows up and everybody's laughing. It's joking. It's playing this thing and I saw it coming I said, see this is this is where the bullshit starts and now oh Let them jump in the dress. Matter of fact, let's let's put a little boy in a dress. Oh, it's that cute See, we're telling you what to do. We're telling you what's acceptable, you know If you don't like gay people now, you're ostracized 10 15 years ago If you were gay, you're ostracized. Now. I don't think the gay people should be beaten up or whatever I thought there was tragic when it would happen But at the same time you shouldn't be teaching little kids in my opinion anything sexual let alone and Quote-unquote on Alternative lifestyle because it has to do with sex kids leave that out of it, you know And they're pushing towards that then there's the reports about people, you know in Hollywood That are involved in the pedophilia and things of that nature. Come on man, and and people and I see people now Saying there's no way in hell. We're gonna normalize that but I saw people 10 15 years ago saying we're not gonna normalize gay people So we have to be careful because you may have some pedophile somewhere who is Quiet, you know, but he's running a news station. He's producing a television show and next thing you know That shit's gonna create being Ellen lost her job Because she came out as gay 10 15 years later. She's one of the biggest people on TV So that's how powerful this medium is and people don't get it. You're in people's home every night every day Once a week whatever is they think they know you and they don't know anything about you And if you continue to say something because they feel like they know you hey Or maybe I should change my opinion on this Psychologically, they're doing something back there and they know how much power they have so if they're going to say We want to keep ourselves in line with the cop. So we're going to skew this thing this bullshit. It's thugs, you know, these little cold words They say, you know these thugs these Animals these you know, but then when the cops do something there stand up cops, you know We should support the cops laws bullshit. Even when they're wrong, you know, I'm not against cops I've got cops as friends But there's no way in hell that you're gonna tell me that anywhere in business Anywhere there aren't some bad ones and when you align yourself with the bad ones Makes you kind of bad and that kind of thing goes on every single day in the newsrooms Across America, I see it because I'm in the business a lot of other people don't see it and think I'm just being paranoid or bullshitting Or I have an agenda. I do have an agenda and my agenda is for me and my people period But it may not coincide with what you think it should because you have been influenced by the media, you know And and it's so the news is so disgusting to me now Because at some point it was about getting the story getting the story right and being somewhat neutral and presenting the facts I think maybe, you know, maybe I was born, but now it's all bullshit Yeah, and I think about that a lot too just about like what it used to be and was the intent of repair But when when I think about the inception of media and I think about blackface I feel like we since the inception of media have been falsely portrayed negatively portrayed and So I I don't know if the intent was ever pure if the intent was ever to you know fully Get the story Right You know, maybe by individual journalists, but even going back to like this is a business You know, there's a saying in news if it bleeds it leads it leads when you do positive stories and Your ratings go down. Why would you keep doing positive stories? You know, and that's why people say, oh, you know, I hate the news I never see nothing good on the news You never see nothing good on the news because it's been eliminated from the newscast because it doesn't perform well And at the end of the day, it's a business. It's just like if I sold a Red bag of skittles and a yellow bag of skittles and people bought the red one more Why would I keep making the yellow one if the red one sells more? It's a business. They do what makes them money They don't do the right thing, you know, and I also recently after the murder of George Floyd and seeing how that whole thing unfolded through the media But then also Being on the ground here in the twin cities in st. Paul miniapolis and seeing how it unfolded in real life The first and you can go back and search this the first narrative that was published Was that george floyd died of medical complications during an altercation with police He did not die of medical complications and that has been proven by independent investigators It was a medical complication. His foot was someone's foot was on his neck and he couldn't breathe. That's a medical complication Well, what the police were saying was that he had a health issue And the health issue is what caused him to die But clearly we all saw the video We are all witnesses and we all know what happened And and we know that that is it's not true that the cause of death was an underlying health issue Um, exactly, you know But because of the way the the media system works Meaning the police department every police department in america has a public information officer That is the person who has been hired by the department To be the designated person who communicates with the media under any circumstances And so the process is that they write a press release whenever something occurs To inform all of the media of what happened With details and nine times out of 10 That information is not questioned. I I really want to say 10 times out of 10 But I want to give some people the benefit of the doubt But typically that information is copied copied and pasted into a web script That goes out to the world to see a lot of times that information is copied and pasted into an anchor script Which is then read and broadcasted to anyone who has access to that network. And so Journalism is supposed to be something that is objective It's supposed to be something that you know And what it boils down to is is that police and other state agencies And other government agencies have been put into a category of trusted credible sources And so journalists are not required to do any additional investigation Or or fact checking anytime that they receive information From a state agency or a police department And so that information is just assumed to be accurate and true When oftentimes we have seen over the course of The history of our country that state agencies have lied and shared false information to cover their asses That police departments do the same thing And so instead of the media keeping its integrity intact And identifying that that government agencies have a history of publishing information That is not always accurate and saying hey, let's be objective about this information the same way That we're objective about sources from the community the same way When a black person walks up and says hey, here's a tip you have to go and vet it Well, vet these state agencies vet these government agencies Vet what the police are saying have some processes in place to not always take their word You could look back at like, you know what happened to the tuskegee airmen There's documentation that was issued to cover up all of those facts, you know And and so over over the course of american history. We have seen, you know state Sanction agencies government agencies continue to produce communications that are shared with media entities that are just false and and Cover up the wrongdoing and the harm that they have caused to communities of color and um until the media industry Can rectify that and treat government agencies Communications with the same diligence that they treat Information that comes from the community until that can be balanced and fair until that process can be the same And they vet their information the same way they vet our information We're going to continue to have unbalanced reporting and and so that's why when you talk about the inception of media and and Was the intent there to be balanced? It may have been but come on There were so many red flags Uh decades ago that you can't trust all of these sources that you choose not to vet I I don't I don't believe that it was every time right I don't I think there was more of What I was saying with that is I think there was more of Get to the story and tell the story without all of the commentary Although You're right now. I think about it. They probably didn't even do that right But here's the problem and that's why independent media is so important Hopefully if you have if you have someone with integrity, they'll try to get it right and they'll be able to get it right But when you talk about mainstream media Quote unquote, here's the problem the government for all this bullshit about free speech Still has to grant them a license to be on television or radio As long as they have the power to pull that license. Are you really going to get the real truth? I mean just think about it for a second if they if the government if the government really thought that you were Giving so much information Out to the public that it was a point of national security Well, at least they could say it was would they get a license again Their whole station can be pulled the government still has the power to pull it. Yeah You can go off on on trumpy boy. There's a lot of people don't like him You can go off on one individual, but if you start exposing Systematic racism throughout the entire Government it quote unquote if it exists Do you know how easy it is for them to pull their license? And so you have to think about that if you have to bullshit about Free speech and free media how free is it when you have to get a license? From the government in order to do it. Yeah, that's real. They want you to stop driving They just pull your driver's license Now you probably drive anyway But if you get caught, you know, there's consequences in media They can pull your license and you just won't be on television anymore And they can't do it. They have the power to do it. Look at look at JFK You know how long it took for that that information to come out and still kind of Iffy and bullshitting about it Why because it implicates the president being in on the murder of another one a vice president at the time Being in on the murder with the mob on another one. How long did it take for that to come out years? You know why at this point it doesn't matter. Oh, it's a cool juicy story You know But then at the time what would that have done to the national security anybody that probably had that Information then license would have been pulled if they put that out there easy Then you have the goddamn FCC that sits over all the shit that comes out So that's why independent media is important. The problem with independent media is Well, if you don't have a history in mainstream media or you don't have the resources to Vet things you could just be some guy bullshitting or woman sitting out here bullshitting saying whatever the hell they want to say Free speech, but is it true? Right? So that becomes even more hard for the people to vet and most people aren't going to vet this type of information So this is the problem that we have. I don't believe we have a free media. No damn well We don't have free speech and so how do we fix that when the government controls the media? I mean, I I don't know if we can fully fix that system But what I see happening and what I'm certainly working towards is creating alternatives to that system and so With the the shift in social media and the development of technology Less and less people are watching newscasts And they're becoming less relevant. We just had two newspapers closed closed their doors this week actually in the cities here and so It's because people don't read. Yeah. Yeah print print is uh industry that is dying Uh news. I believe traditional television newscast Uh, you know could definitely um Be at risk of of dying as well Because I don't know if two generations after us if they will be interested in Consuming information the way that we did and the way that our grandparents did You know social media's changed the game Media consumption, uh, the duration of media consumption is down and so you see entities like quibi that are popping up and changing the the format traditional Format you have a 30 minute show and a 60 minute show and those are broken up with, you know, two to four Uh commercial breaks in between and so from a production standpoint You know that you don't actually have to pull uh produce a full 30 minute show You minus the amount of time that the commercials You know take up and then you cut up your episode into, you know, a couple of little bits And if you're smart and you know the placement of where those commercial breaks are gonna go You're gonna leave a cliffhanger Right before you go to commercial break That's gonna require audience to stay around to see the result after the commercial break if you're a good producer, right? But on social media because that's not how social media works and because everybody's watching stuff on youtube You like quibi quibi is saying hey, we're not even gonna do that We're gonna reduce our episodes the episode isn't even 30 minutes anymore An episode is like eight minutes and that's long. That's considered long form To younger generations who they are, you know on tiktok You know and all of these other platforms that are 62nd snippets of life And so, you know, I think that yeah the FCC definitely controls You know the airwaves and television broadcasting But we're seeing more leniency on xm. We're definitely seeing uh leniency online And I think that it's only a matter of time before The online platforms end up outdoing outperforming and in reaching a wider audience Then the traditional platforms and I think they're doing it already. Yeah And when you even think about your capacity fm radio am radio And television broadcasts are typically limited to who they can reach Because of a signal and so they can only service a geographical area that has a set population When you publish online when you publish digitally To the world wide web You have the power to reach the entire globe Or at least anyone who has access to internet and uh internet compatible device So you're you have the potential to reach far more people And and therefore it can be a much more powerful tool But I do think that the government is in the process of trying to figure out a better way to limit and oversee and control These platforms as as well. They haven't done that successfully yet But I mean you raise a very very valid point of you know traditional platforms being predominantly controlled by uh government entities and The other thing I thought about when I was listening to you talk was you know, you mentioned like free press and freedom of speech Which is protected under uh the the first amendment and uh during the uprising You know witnessing the reporter uh the cnn reporter omar be arrested here in minneapolis While he was reporting live on the air for cnn, which is one of the most Well-known and respected news outlets in the world and to see him arrested while his white counterparts were holding the camera You know and nothing happened to them. It was um, it was really eye opening to you know for me as as a Journalist of color in this time thinking that what I do is protected under the constitution And seeing that because of the color of your skin that can be questioned. Here's the thing if you haven't seen her, right? Because they they have this color thing. She is light bright. Okay, so it doesn't matter You can be dark light. Yeah, it doesn't matter. You know, that's not going to give you a pass She's still going through a lot of bullshit And because of the color of her skin Together so we can we got to stop this light dark bullshit. You know, I mean, uh, if you are considered a certain color They don't see the difference. We made sometimes But they don't see the difference. The other thing is this. Yes, they are trying to uh, I think net neutrality was one of the first steps These people plan years ahead You know, so they have a plan already in place. They just have to wait for the right time You know, even when we get down to things in the new world order We can the first bush was talking about the new world order now We're getting to digital currency Which is one of the steps towards the new world order in my opinion simply because When they get to digital currency So well to where they're starting to talk about oh, we don't need paper money anymore Well now it's just the next step to First controlling and knowing exactly where every dollar you spend Goes and what you do tracking. You can't go off the grid if they if they do that You just can't then well, since we're doing digital, let's make it all one like bitcoin or whatever it is You know, I mean, let's just make it let's make it in that a global currency Well now once the money goes there the control does too and part of it is is that America has to go down In order for a new world order to go up and that's why we're seeing the decline of America A lot of people don't see that, you know, because they're not looking for it They're not being told to look for it. It's important to realize what's really going on these people again They don't they don't plan like we do we plan five years ahead 10 if we're really into it They plan decades ahead, you know, look at these presidents They come in and they make orders that won't kick in until after they leave that goes to show you what's going on You know, and and we have to wake up and start Seeing what's going on not only your business and my business, but in the world, you know, there's a lot of bullshit happening right now And we are stuck up on race. Why to distract us? But we are not going to allow ourselves to be distracted, but we are going to take a break And we'll be back in the meantime. Make sure you check out georgia at georgia fort dot com on social media Georgia fort or by georgia fort and we'll be back more with georgia right here Raw Fusion When everything went down to minnesota. Yeah, I looked at some mainstream media very little though And and I don't know why seeing it is respected. They're a bunch of idiots. Sorry, but they are I didn't I didn't really look at mainstream media as much. I went on facebook And I looked at the lives the live Broadcast or whatever you want to call it from people on the ground So when it came with this bullshit about the people just started looting and started this and started that I had already seen that the cops had started shooting the tear gas and the rubber bullets and all that shit and people when they were being Peaceful, I saw peaceful people protesting and they were yelling and calling names and all that kind of shit again free speech The first instance of violence I saw On the live and I watched several was from the police So the bullshit narrative that's seeing in And the others came up with I didn't believe because I saw it live and I'm talking about I didn't just pop in for five minutes I sat there turn the TV of the rest of the shit off And just watched those lives for hours Because I wanted to see what was going on for real and I do not trust mainstream media anymore Not seeing that I really did but after my experiences being in the back rooms those people Are biased and I call out seeing in MSNBC is another one. They are just clearly biased And if you listen to anything they say really Seriously Fox news is another one. They're on the other side and they're clearly biased and you can't really listen to anything They say either. I don't even know of one that is really really neutral. They all pick sides Well the 24 hour news cycle networks. Here's the thing We have to wake up and we have to demand more just like you said If people are buying the red M&M's or skittles Why in the hell would you sell the yellow ones? You know being a film director myself I struggle with this issue the things I want to do and I have to before I do it Think will I make my money back on this? I mean I will write anything But when it comes time to what I'm going to produce that I've written Yeah, it's just gonna bring money or not is the question. I have to put on two hats I have to put on the artist hat and just be free and And do what I love and you know just explore Then I have to put on the business hat because whose money is being put up for this mine You know, I don't have a team of investors never really wanted That because simply if they're they're putting up the money guess who has the control So we have to think about what we are consuming What are we allowing people to program us with? You know the brain is like a computer. It can be hacked And What are we going to allow? What are we going to watch? What are we going to support with our dollars or our time? You know at some point we have to realize that because the people on the other end where we are We have to think about that at some point. We just do You know if we want to eat And be able to continue to do what we do. We have to think about that at some point You know, it's great that people are running around and and they're able to give their perspective and their point of view On several different things But if you're going to make this a career if you're going to be able to Unless you're independently wealthy unless you're going to be if you're going to be able to Dedicate yourself to this the question has to be Will this sell are we going to get the views that we need? Are we going to be able to get the advertising? You know, that's the part that we didn't even talk about hell with FCC and in the government If you can't getting advertisers, you're not getting paid, you know for most of this shit I mean if you have like a subscription based business, but most of those are movies and things of that nature We're talking about news Hey, if everyone pulls the advertising away from you, what do you have no show? So, I mean this system is great or the potential to be great, but there are too many things that will Corrupt this system and I don't I don't know if I see a way out of that. Yeah, absolutely I think accountability is A form of love and definitely necessary To move the industry forward Georgia Ford, I love this conversation. Yeah, me too. Thank you. I'm so I'm so happy I know you got other things to do than talk to me all day. So I got I'm gonna let you go But I I am so appreciative. We can change the format today. Usually we have a hot topic questioning a lot of different things and and you You're the hot topic today Well, thank you so much for having me. I appreciate it I appreciate it as well. Thank you for coming on and continue to success with everything that you're doing Go check her out. Definitely. You just want to see her. She is She's a looker. I'll tell you but then listen to what she has to say and what she's doing And that's why I was so excited. You know, I've seen a lot of beautiful women in my life being a photographer I am so happy when the beauty on the inside matches the beauty on the outside Maybe even supersedes the beauty on the outside and the intelligence. I'm just that that's what excited me about having you on the show Thanks, georgia It's time to talk some shit With King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast What are we prepared to do Because the only people that are going to change this is us as consumers, you know, I'm on one side, but I'm on the other I still watch TV Watch a lot of it because it's part of my business and And because I enjoy it So what are we prepared to do are we prepared to turn off The shit that offends us Do we even know that we're being offended people are cattle? I've heard that so many times You know, we tell them what to do and they're gonna do it This is the attitude in the back rooms of many of these media outlets That's really what it comes down to that's the reason why we can talk about drugs We can talk about drugs. We can talk about murder We can talk about violence against women and get away with it That just amazes me. How is it that we make celebrities out of these people? And then they go on to do commercials and have TV shows and all this stuff behind criminality What are our kids going to look like in this environment? Of course, we can talk about parenting and things of that nature But at some point your kid goes out of the house And at some point they're being influenced some kind of way by their environment So even if you do a hell of a job parenting your child, what are the other influences that they're going to have to deal with? At some point we have to start thinking about what are we allowing to influence not only ourselves But the next generation the generation after that and if we're at this point now What's 50 years going to look like? What what what is our community going to look like in 50 years? And what are we doing now to change the trajectory because right now we're on a downward spiral and what are we doing? What are we doing with the power that we have? We've got to stop thinking about ourselves So much and what can we do moving forward to make a better world for those that come after us? I'm King B and this is our fusion