I've been trying and trying to avoid this and yet here we are. Let's get it. If you like what we're doing and want us to keep doing it, then there is a link in the show notes where you can donate to the King B's Raw Fusion podcast and we truly appreciate you for doing so. Raw Fusion. Yo what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B here and welcome to Raw Fusion. So the reason why I've been trying to avoid this conversation is because a lot of people just sit around and they'll react to it. They will criticize and critique and sensationalize the problems that people are going through. And I understand it. It's the modern day internet. I would like to examine these issues in a way that I believe can be helpful. With that being said, Marcellus Wiley and Tigger, these men are losing positions or at least pausing positions because of certain things. And like I believe most men, when people say that the current climate in relationships men's fault, at first you think no, it's not. It's the women causing these issues. Maybe not all the time, a lot of the time. And I would agree but to a certain extent they are right. And this isn't going to be any that simple. It's going to be truthful. Gentlemen, we have failed. We have allowed this shesh to go on for far too long. And I get it. Feminism is an issue. To understand completely what's going on, we have to understand the original methodology or thinking and the modern methodology and thinking. And the truth of the matter is, is those are two completely different things. I used to be all for it. Women, if they want to work, they should be able to work. If they're doing a job properly, they should in turn be paid and compensated properly. I've always believed that. And I see nothing wrong with that. I think most men believe that. When men were in control completely and women were practically out of the workforce and they started fighting for this right, you know, all women aren't going to get married. They should be able to take care of themselves. We understood this as men, historically. And because you have a mother, you may have a sister, you may have a daughter, you want to make a better world for them. And so different concessions were made, laws were changed and life became different. And I believe that that's a good thing. The problem is, is that when these notions arrived and these changes took place, different people decided, let's take it too far. And modern feminism has gone way too far. And we're just going to keep it real here. But before, what was a lesbian to do? If she had to marry a man, well, if they didn't want to marry a man, then what were they to do to survive? But now that you can make your own money, look at the lesbian situation. I'm not going to talk about whether I think that is good or bad. I'm just at this point simply stating the obvious. The only way you were to survive was to be with a man. And you wanted to be a lesbian. That sounds like an issue, doesn't it? So now that you don't have to worry about that, you can be a lesbian. But then somewhere, these women want to take the place of a man. Somewhere, this thing got switched up. And now you think you can be a man better than a man can. Okay. Matter of fact, you can cut out your parts, mutilate yourself, take some hormones and now you think you're a man. Men, while this was going on, we sat around and continued to protect women and their interests, and we didn't check the dish in the door. And so now women think that just because we adhere to the old rules, don't hit women, don't do this, don't do that. We didn't realize that they were trying to make new rules that used only the old rules that they liked that worked for them. And get rid of all of the rules that we liked. Social rules, I mean, what do I mean by that? It was an unwritten rule. Men don't hit women. Got it. And I like that rule. The other part of it was women don't get out of pocket. They don't run off at the mouth. They don't start talking a whole bunch of shit. They certainly don't put their hands on men. That was an unwritten rule too. And what modern feminism does, which I completely hate, is take all of the rules. Doesn't matter if you're dressing up like a man. And it's funny how you are a man, a mutilated man or whatever you want to call it, trans man, trans this, whatever, whatever transform or whatever you want to call it. But then if a man hits them, they automatically turn back into a woman. Because it's a trick bag. They want to take the rules of old fashioned rules, old fashioned unwritten rules, where men don't hit women. Men don't get into big shouting and arguing matches with women, but then completely disavow all of the rules that made the balance. So where you don't hit men, that part of the rulebook you want to get rid of, where you don't argue with men, that part of the rulebook you want to get rid of. Let the women do whatever they want to do. It's her this, it's her that, it's her mouth, her body, whatever. But you, man, we want you to stay by those old rules. We want you to be the protector and the provider, even though the flip side of that is, they don't want to be barefoot and pregnant. They don't want to get in the kitchen and cook a meal. They want you to do all of the old traditional male role thing. And they do none of the traditional female role thing. And that's modern feminism. And they're not. They think they can win. Not knowing that if you step over the line, shouldn't you be able to step over the line too? People are going to say, no, no, no, no, no. Well, then we need you to get back over that line. If you want traditional values, then you need to accept both unwritten covenants of traditional values. Otherwise, to be fair and quote unquote let's throw it all out with the bathwater. In that case, when you run up and start hitting men and slapping men and doing all that kind of stuff and he slaps the hell out of you, it'll go back to the caveman era and we'll see who wins. I guarantee you on a large scale, it will not be women. But again, because of our love of women, it's funny. They don't understand that when we say these things, it's because of our love of women. The first thing they're going to say is you must hate women. No, we actually love women. That's the reason why it's gone too far. It would have never gotten to this place. If we hated women, then it would have been an all out physical war. And I guarantee you, I don't care how much you lift. I don't care how much you go to the gym. I don't care how many hormones you take. Women at large lose that physical battle. What are you suggesting, King B? Do we go back to? No, I'm not. This is a different kind of warfare. And I do mean to use that word warfare. It is completely a war. And it has been initiated by women. And some women don't even get it. There are women that hate men. And this whole sisterhood bullshit is really the problem. Because women listening to other women, they would steer you in the wrong direction. Let's say you're a woman that a young woman, especially that wants a man wants to be married and all those kinds of things. And you're listening to this feminist propaganda. They will tell you everything that a man hates. You don't want to be a slave to your man. Or you don't want to be subservient to your man. And you should be looking for this kind of man and that kind of man. And he needs to be making this much money and that much money. And it's all about the money because if you don't have any money, what else can a man give you? And men, we've been sitting back looking at this whole thing and seeing how astronomically stupid these things sound. And of course they do sound stupid. Let's not stop there though. Let's give them makeup that none of us men ask for. Specifically the type of makeup that they use in drag. If you really look at it, that's drag makeup. To be able to take a woman that I don't like to say women are ugly at all. I think beauty is in the eye of the beholder and whatever. It may not be attractive to me, but hey, I'm not here to tell another person what's attractive to them. But what I will say is this type of drag makeup will take some women that look one way and completely change them into looking or presenting a look. That's a completely different way. And by the time they're done with it, you may have went to bed with one looking woman. Wake up, she goes, takes a shower, watches her face, and a whole another woman comes out of the bathroom. I covered something similar in the mama movie, the penis dialogue. A scenario where a woman had a fantastic body and you get ready to do the do. She goes in the bathroom to this robe. And when she comes out of the bathroom, that body she left it in the bathroom with all of the spanks and whatever they call them, body shapers and padded this and padded that. Oh, that's left in the bathroom. She come out with what she was born with. And that ain't the same. These are the games that are being played, gentlemen and ladies for that matter. You actually have women that sit there and say, well, she needs a man that's over six feet because she's five foot four and she likes to wear heels. And she thinks that because she likes to wear heels, she wants a man that she can wear heels with and still be shorter than as if those heels are actually attached to her body and she's that tall. She says, well, I'm five, eight, five, seven, five, nine with heels on. No, you are five, four, five, five, five, six with three inch stilts on. That's what you are. Many of the things that women present to us are, I don't want to say both face lives, but facades and that's what they use to attract us. So used to use to attract us. But now even with those God awful eyelashes, which men continuously say, we do not like. The trick is to get the women think, Oh, well, I'm not doing it for men. I'm doing it for myself. You see, and that's the trick these man hating women have played on the ones who want a man. Here's the other trick. Get butt naked. Yeah, go out the house naked, half naked, check your booty on Instagram and all that good shit. And then when you get attention, you think you have options. And in a sense you do, you have options of men who want to sleep with you. They probably don't want a relationship with you. Oh, they'll say everything. I've seen them in the comments. Oh, I want to marry you and all of this kind of. No, no, no, no, I'm going to tell you the truth. They're saying whatever they need to say to get in. And as soon as you let them in, they got what they needed. They're tricking you ladies. And it's not just the men that are trying to trick you because men will say sometimes whatever they need to say in order to sleep with you. But the women are tricking you to because you think is working because you are getting attention. If you want to be taken seriously in a relationship, put some clothes on. If you want a relationship, put some clothes on. Take that look off your face. What are you saying? We can't wear any makeup, man. We can tell that there's some makeup on but that drag makeup, we don't know. I've watched some of those videos and to see the layers that people are putting on is ridiculous. You look like a whole nother person. I call it stunt makeup. You know, we do film. That's what you do. Stunt makeup. Look like a whole nother person. Special effects makeup. That's what it is. You can put some makeup on and look like you got a hole in your head, anything. You can transform yourself that way. Do you honestly think that men want to sign up for this? Now people don't want, it seems as if men don't want to date women anymore on large scale. Men certainly are not running to the altar because of laws and all this stuff. And this is where men gave control, relinquished control and to help protect the women that they love or give them a different world. And then you gave an inch and they took 20 miles. Why is this important? Raw Fusion. There's another thing in another place that men drop the ball. It's in the vetting process of their mates. One thing about men, we might fall in love with a woman. We may look at that donkey, that monkey and the tickle bidders. And before long, we have become mesmerized. And if a man doesn't execute discipline, he might marry that woman, even though she's a problem, a whole problem. And that in and of itself is a problem. And why does that bring us back to Marcellus Wiley Tigger? As you may have found out already that Tigger was arrested for domestic violence, a video was released of him trying to retrieve a phone. He said it's his phone. If it is his phone, then I believe he should be entitled to retrieve his property. If it's her phone, he's just paying the bill. I think some people were shocked to find out that she was arrested on a warrant. See, this is the problem with going viral and all that kind of stuff. If you got some skeletons in the closet, no matter whether the man is willing to forgive and forget, sometimes the law doesn't. I was watching something. There was another man on there talking. He alleges that after a custody dispute with Tigger's now estranged wife, this guy was in a relationship with her. They had a child and after a custody dispute where he was, I believe, winning and was going to win custody because of her erratic behavior, suddenly the child disappeared. And apparently I think it was a white Mercedes Benz or such that was viewed in the area. Witnesses say that before the child disappeared, a car matching the description of Tigger's now estranged wife, she had the same car. So a car basically matching her car's description was in the area. And after that, no one has supposedly seen that child again. That's where the kidnapping charges are coming from. Mind you, all of this went down long before Tigger ever married her. Marcellus Wiley's wife was on the real households of one of them cities. That series of shows is one of the worst. Here's the thing, I've seen it and just like watching, I've seen parts of them. I don't think I've watched the whole episode. But like watching a train wreck, it's produced in a way that will keep your attention and keep you looking at it, right? Because it's just absurd what you're watching. Here are women who are supposedly affluent or at least attached to men who have money. And yet they act like wild banshees. What does that do? That it has people watching and women watching in particular. And if this is the way these women are acting and they have those type of men, logically, you would think that maybe that's what the men like. Then it becomes that's what men should like. They have zero sophistication, although they pretend to, you know, with all the hand gestures and grabbing shit out the air that doesn't exist and all that craziness. They pretend to think that looks classy. It looks absolute trashy to me. And when people do that, I start to, when women start to do that, I start to look at them a little bit differently, not in a good way. Marcellus Wiley's wife was on one of those shows. She was kicked off in the first season, I believe they say, after the first season she was on. So there's that. Me personally, I would not marry a woman that has been on that show. I would marry a woman that would like to be on that show, or at least expresses that to me. If I find you watching it too much, I probably wouldn't consider you seriously for marriage. Well, I'm just watching it. Yeah. And that could become influential. And that's your favorite show. Absolutely not. Vetting, ladies and gentlemen, goes deep. Psychological analysis of the woman on the other side for the ladies men that you want to be in long-term relationships with. Now, would I bang it out? Maybe. But consider you seriously for relationship? Not likely. You're out in the club, but Nicky, would I bang it out? Maybe. Consider you seriously for relationship? And it's easy to say that that's my preference and that is my preference. But there's a lot of men that feel the same way. And they're expressing it. Here's where the rubber meets the road. If I find out that you have daughter of yours turned up missing and there is evidence or corroborating evidence that may lead to you kidnapping that daughter after a custody dispute, that most certainly wouldn't be someone that I would consider marrying. Hit it with the Jimmy Strapton double type? Maybe. Marriage, absolutely not. Especially being in a position that some of these people, well, ticket was, let's just say. Or so is Wiley. You know, some people like that. And I don't know if that's what he was thinking or whatever. But some people like that type of, it's exciting to them. And that's where you hit it and quit it. You do not marry that. Here's the thing. People think that you have to hate hoes. I don't hate hoes. Even Jesus, when the woman was caught, he didn't trash her. He didn't try his best to belittle her. He said, whoever's without sin cast first stone. You don't have to. This whole shame can be good sometimes, but you don't have to go on a shame campaign. Just abstain from putting them into serious relationships. This is how you lead. If they think they can do whatever and get away with it, what are they going to do? Do whatever and they will get away with it. But if you say, I don't care how much I love you. I don't care how much I've fallen in love with you. I may just be in love with that cuckoo, but you will go cuckoo getting into a relationship with that. If they want to be in a whole phase and you ho are out. Hey, part of the game, right? That's what it is. I don't have to talk down. I know people who are real hoes. I don't talk down to them. But if you think that I would marry one. Now, some people are very good at hiding things. And if this were hidden from these men, then I'd understand. But you got to take some responsibility on the person that you get on one knee, the choice that you make to get on one knee to a person, especially if you knew they were toxic in the first place. You invited that. You don't invite that into your legacy like that. And all too often, I see men who don't protect that legacy. Why would I even want my children to have a mother like that? Think about it. That's why they say, that's the mother of your child. You should respect her. The mother of your child should also respect themselves. You got to choose better, gentlemen. And see what ends up happening is if the pick me girls, they try to shame women who actually want to actually be desirable to a man. If the pick me girls are the only ones that's getting picked and you stop marrying these feminist hoes eventually, unless AI takes over and they can hide themselves really well, eventually if the ones that are worthy of being married actually get married and the ones that are hoes actually just stay hoes for the rest of their life, which a lot of them are doing, the balance shifts because women don't necessarily typically, I mean, there are some to do. I think the most women don't go up dreaming of becoming a hoe. They would dream to become married. And so you lead by example. It's always funny when I see women talk about you have to let the man leave. You don't have to let the man do a man is going to leave. Now it's up to you to follow. Do you see any of these people? Do you see Beyonce worried about who's following her? No, she does what she does. If you like that, you're going to follow with that being said. Imagine a woman saying, you know what? I'm going to let Beyonce have me as a father. Sounds pretty stupid, doesn't it? Yes. Just as stupid as a woman saying you have to let the man leave. Listen, baby, I'm leaving. I'm going this way. Either you're coming with me or you're not and someone else will understand my intelligence, my wisdom and my effective power on this earth and they will follow. And you will be sitting back saying, damn, I had an opportunity to wrestle with you in order to get you to follow. A man is going to leave and doesn't need you to let them. They will leave. And it's up to you to elect to follow or get left. That's it. Those are the options. And when you operate from there, things become much more easier and clearer. I don't want a woman to change the way she dresses for me. I want a woman that would never think about dressing that way. Here's the real thing, ladies and gentlemen. If a woman likes to go out and dress that way and she only changes because of you, when she's pissed off at you and she's also got you wrapped up in the marriage, she doesn't mind going back to the way that she used to be. Because deep down inside, that's what she wants to be in the first place. And secondly, she might be secretly resenting you for not being that way. So therefore, look at the woman that does not want to dress that way. Would never want to dress that way. Get the one that doesn't want to be on the real households. By the way, before I started recording, I peep something. Heways hear these feminists talking about being a housewife or the duties of a housewife. And although that's being some kind of subservient servant, they could have just said the real wives. I know they said housewife, the real housewives. The trick is to take what a traditional housewife, the housewife that men want, take the title and say this is really the real out there. So if you want to be a housewife, act like a wild banshee, act like a wild animal. That's the trick, ladies. And then you see that person with someone who has money, not knowing that it's all really a setup, not knowing that they're setting these settings together. And maybe some of this is a reality or reality shows are setups. We know this one doesn't like that one. So let's put this situation together so they be together and then they start fighting and then we get it all on camera. And then you get people who want to be cast and they know what they're looking for. So then they start to do half of the stuff you see on the internet is really for clicks and going viral. I don't even believe half of these women even say the stuff that they say, but it's just like the music industry. Half of these women, if you look at it, they'll say all the single ladies, independent women and all this crap. But if you look in their lives, when people cheat, they stay while singing songs telling you you should leave. That's the trick back. Women are being tricked and men are also being tricked because men aren't standing up and leaving these what they are now. They're starting to now. But for a while, they didn't just leave these undesirable where they stood, they put, they took them down the aisle. It's the same thing, men that people have been telling women for a long time, you're not going to change that man. That's what women have been saying. Well, you're probably not going to change that woman either, brother. And that's what we need to get along. So when deciding to marry these types of women, you should look, I'm pretty sure a man of figure stature and connections could have found out that information. You probably knew it in the first place, but you like this woman so much or love this woman so much. Ain't all the love in the world, brother. Nope. Because you're inviting that type of thing into your life and look at how it's ending for Brother Ticket. Look at how it's ending for Brother Wiley. If you have those traits and that excites you, if you like a woman that's got a little sassiness, well, hit it and quit it. It should be the real households because 90% of them or more shouldn't never be a wife. It's not wifey material. The way you look is not the wifey material. And ladies, if you think I'm wrong, put some clothes on and see you're getting attention because your clothes are off. You put your clothes on. You're going to most likely get less attention. I don't mean putting your clothes on and everything is skin tight either. Put that loose flowing. The attention is going to go to the one who's butt naked, but the type of man that you probably want, the man that's smart, intellectual, that knows how to lead while all those other guys over there trying to hit and quit it with those hoes, he may be looking at you. And that may be the one that you end up marrying. This is a different type of numbers game because it takes a lot of time to vet people. And if you're going to vet people based off of the fact that you had a thousand guys in your inbox and all thousand of more, 999 by the time you get to the one that actually would like you for you and just doesn't want to hit it and quit it, you're probably exhausted. You may not ever get to them. So cut that down. Stop attention seeking so much and get to the one who wants to make a genuine connection with you. And that's not going to come through your breasts, glutes or vagina. Now if you like being a hoe, just go out there and be a hoe and just like hoe. That's your prerogative to do so. And men is up to us to separate them. You don't have to berate them, belittle them, whatever, just take it for what it's worth. That's the whole phase. That's the whole thing about the whole phases. It really doesn't go away. Does it? You may become less of a hoe. Now of course, there are exceptions to every rule or most every rule, but are you going to play craps with your future gentlemen and women for that matter when looking for a man? Do you want to play craps? Do you want to be a divorce table with restraining orders? You can't even see your children. We know what the laws are until we get in there to change those laws. Change your perspective on the women who you give the time of day to. There are plenty of women, but I don't really get into my personal life. Well, let's just say I can have the ability to love the hell out of you for my father. And every once in a while when I think of you, may look at the old photo reminisce about the time and keep it pushing because you just weren't the one. That's leading gentlemen. Hey, you guys, we have a new tier where you can actually check out some of the conversations that we have or shows that we have a bonus episode that you will not be able to hear without becoming the VIP member. So go ahead and get that exclusive content. Raw Fusions.