Oh, we're gonna have some fun with this one. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen? King B right here and you know what this is. This is Raw Fusion. Ah, I got a very, very special guest here today. She is a comedian on The Rise. And in a very short amount of time, she has made a staple in comedy, not just Chicago comedy, but she's moving around as well. But she is from the crib. And someone that I believe is gonna do really, really big things, bigger than she's already done. And she's just getting started. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Raw Fusion. Tiny Thickums. What's up? Hey, motherfucker. That's funny. I texted her. Hey, motherfucker. And I realized that she's the only one that's gonna allow you to use that, herself to use that shit. It's not gonna work on her. So, it's all good. How you doing today? I'm good, how are you? I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Back doing our thing here at Raw Fusion. So listen, tell me what was it that made you actually want to do this comedy thing? I was always funny. In eighth grade, I won the Best Sense of Humor Award. They actually had to have an award? Seriously? Yeah, I got a reward for Best Sense of Humor. Not Class Clown, Best Sense of Humor. So when I was in eighth grade, I always been funny. My friends motivate me to do comedy because I was going to comedy clubs. When I turned 21, when I turned 25, I just said, fuck it, I'm about to do it. Okay, see about, what, three? Three years in. Four years in the game? Three years in the game? Three and a half is about before this year. So you're about to move out of the rookie phase. What have you seen thus far in the comedy world that's interesting to you? That you may not have thought it was the reality until you actually got into it? A doggy dog girl, that was interesting. Everybody's trying to strive for the top and it's like it's competition but the fun thing is I never looked at it as competition. I'm like, if you're funny, you're funny. But I guess I want to come down to the experiences that people have. And I was just grateful for my experience and the opportunity that came my way. But I'm the type of person that works hard for what I want to go towards. So I have a lot of ambition, ambition. Give it back. Ambition, I can't talk. So do you feel like that's because of you being a woman? Do you think there's any differences? Is it because of being a woman in comedy that you're seeing it from that lens? Or is it just that way universally? Or do you see any difference between female comics and male comics in their journey? Oh yeah, this was definitely, it's a man world. I'm mad James Brown came out with that song. But it wouldn't be nothing. It wouldn't be nothing without us. But at the same time, when it comes to comedy, it's like at the end of the day, women, we are winning. We are showing men like, hey, you can't fuck with us. We topped out just like y'all. So we became so powerful within ourselves and making sure we are funny and we can kill stages just how we can do it just like you men can. But you know, when men do comedy, it could be a bastion women. But now you don't see that some comics, female comics kind of bash men as well. Yeah. I've seen your routine. I've seen your routine. You got a little portion in there. You know what I'm saying? That's kind of, you know, I ain't gonna tell the joke. But you gotta go see her to see it. I do think that you show a lot of love to men but you got your little, you know, thing of my jigs up in there, you know. Yeah. Little dicks. Get your little dick hands away from me. Yeah, I got to talk about that little dick. Little dick got the big confidence. The biggest confidence. I don't like little dicks. Little dicks, they want us to be saying, hey, they didn't want to be saying, your pussy is loose. No, your dick is too small. Yeah, there's too much room in here. How many more of them has been in here? You should get some more whip. Go get that pill. What is your bull truth? You know, what's interesting to me and I've worked with many other comics in Chicago. I'm an observer. So when doing a movie with me, most of my actors, we become friends and cool or whatever, not everybody, but some of them I do. And we end up hanging out or whatever. So we were hanging out at one of their cribs and it was a bunch of them together. And what's fascinating to me was to see them looking at comedy and studying and breaking down the comics show. It was almost like watching basketball players or football players watching film, breaking down the plays. How much of that type of stuff do you actually do? I do it all day. Have you witnessed that? Yeah, I look at, when I go to open mics, open mics go to shows, I pay attention, close attention, how they work a joke, how they do callbacks, for I could be better as a host and a comedian. And I'd be doing a few little writing sessions with a couple of comedians also. Okay, what do those look like? It's beautiful, it's helpful. It's very helpful for me to be so young and a gang. And for me just to, I'm really just building my craft. If I could be great when it comes down to the 10 year mark, the five year mark. So I learn every day. That's how I go out every day. I love comedy. I love live comedy. You love live comedy. Are you not so much a fan of scripted comedy? I don't have to be interested because I ain't gonna lie. When I watch comedy series on TV, I fall asleep. Not that they born, it's just I go to sleep because I'm at home probably. I'm gonna leave that one alone. Oh, you know what I find interesting? And actually a running thing. People don't realize how much we end up studying the craft that we're in. I've got literally 22 years in the business. And I still study film. There's some films that I've watched at least 100 times. And it sounds excessive, but when I watch a film, especially one that I like, or even films that I don't like, and that's one of the things as well, I will watch a film that I hate and it's annoying to shit out of me. And I'm not too sure why I don't like it. And so I have to figure out why I don't like it. And I'm the type of person that I can learn something from anyone, even if it's what not to do, right? So I'm actually studying film, not only the ones that I like, and I'm not gonna watch one that I don't like 100 times unless it's torture. But during the course of it, I'm literally looking at the shit that I don't like and making mental notes so that at some point it's like a muscle memory. So when I get to editing, I know how long a scene should last. And it comes down to frames sometimes. I'm counting it like, okay, all right, stop. You know what I mean? I think that the more you study your craft, the more that becomes easier to do. People who feel like they, and here's the thing, I think I'm moderately funny, right? Moderately funny. I have too much respect for comedians and the comedians that I work with and seen and supported and gone to the shows and everything to assume that just because I'm funny on days. I'm funny on days. You know what I'm saying? One day I'm gonna have to juice this one, I'm funny. Next day, completely suck. Like nothing. Shut up. Yeah, I don't even like the shit I'm saying. Like that was terrible. To do this day in and day out. And sometimes you have someone that comes to a comedy show, sit in the front row, maybe they had a bad day or something. And it's like, all right, motherfucker, make me laugh. How intimidating can that be? Well, the thing is, my stage presence shows a lot. So when I go on stage, I then shake my ass or whatever, that's when either a dick get hard, a pussy get wet, then that's when I say, oh, what's up, motherfucker? So when I say, what's up, motherfucker? They're like, oh, yeah, this gonna be lit. So I go with both proud. When I say, what's up, motherfucker? Then I have to go to my white people too. I say, white people cook. I say, white people, it is motherfucker. They're not putting on ER in that. So when I grasp that right there, I'm gonna have a wonderful show because the crowd is now following me. Like, oh, yeah, she's gonna be lit for the most part. That'd be funny. Like my personality is my personality. I'm a whole vibe. And I talk about things for a fact. I know for a fact, people talk to their friends about, but not by out loud. And I'm type president. If it's a couple in the front, I ask the lady, like, is you sucking this dick? Well, I'm back. You sucking this dick? And she probably gonna be shocked. But she gonna answer. How much of it is the shock factor? First of all, I can't let this slide. She does have an ass. Fickums is a very good definition of what she truly is. And then, you know, she's a low rider. She's low to the ground. So her name speaks volumes about who she is. Well, what part of it is the shock factor that disarms a crowd? When I say something about kids. When I say, I tell people I have a lot of kids or five kids and everybody be shocked. Shock when I say that, then I say, yeah, they died. I'll drink something Jamison. And they just died in my throat. Leave no child to help behind. I know for a fact, a lot of people do swallow kids for a most part, but people be like, yeah, I swallow kids. I'm the person like, yeah, I swallow all the motherfuckers. And I'll take shot of Jamison to kill the motherfuckers too. So that would be like, oh wow, oh my gosh. Like she just said that. I saw these drunk as fuck. Drunk as fuck killing all them kids, you know what I'm saying? Drunk as fuck, get all the kids, all the kids gotta go. That brings up an interesting point. And also the climate of comedy today. When we talk about the shock factor of comedy and even the movement to be what more PC or whatever or what comics can't say anymore, you know, it seems to me as if a lot of the more successful comics, they take bad situations and they make light of it. To me, that's the essence of most comedy. But in ways it can seem irreverent as well. But that's part of the stuff that you're like, you know what I'm saying? I know I shouldn't be laughing at it, but this shit's funny. Shouldn't I be laughing at this shit? You feel a certain way about yourself because this shit is not supposed to be funny, but it is. During this new climate, how difficult is it to navigate this new space, this council culture space? Well, I don't feel like, when it comes to council, I don't feel like I would be council because I put myself in a lane as a raunchy comedian. So if I ever get council, I'm like, it becomes a bullshit off the truth of people that swallow kids, but I'm the motivational. I feel like I'm a motivational speaker when it comes down to that. So when it comes down to sexual activities, like a lot of people do not talk about it, but I am very open, free spirit-wise where people can be comfortable, come to me, talk to me about sexual activities or anything like that. And I make it as a joke and just put it all in one. Like, okay, I got that from that. I can put that as a joke, because it'd be funny, but it's like, back me being the person I am, I'm just gonna say it out loud for people to have that interest in their head. So yeah, back me being a part of LGBTQRSTUV, that community too. LMNOP. I just like the LNB, everything else. I don't know. Normally that's me in the bisexual. Bisexual Monday through Thursday. Monday through Thursday. Let me write that note down. Okay, so I'm a man that, I think I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body, but yeah, I digress. I hope so, you got the buried white voice. I can't. I can't. I can't. Matter of fact, we're gonna need this whole thing right there. We're gonna come back with more tiny thickums as we're all fusion. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone, simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need, but help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma, and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us, help others. From $1 to 1,000, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please donate today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mentalthefusion. All right, ladies and gentlemen, we're back with more tiny thickens right here. It's for our fusion. In an actual dating life, you know, for me, I've had women who say, well, you're an actor, so I can never know when you tell the truth. And I tell them, this is my business, and if you want me to act, you're gonna need a script and a check. Otherwise, you're getting the real shit from me because you're not paying me to act. But some people have that apprehension. Do you find that people may have an apprehension of you and the dating world because you're a comic and they have a fear that they might end up being the joke someday that they hear when they come to the comedy show? Absolutely. It's funny. If I found something funny, I would put that as a joke. But I would say that I'm gonna use this as a joke. I don't let people come in like, oh my God, she's saying it. No, I'll let people know. I'm gonna make this as a joke because it's funny. So most people don't be in shock when I say it. If I say a joke in front of life, I get a joke about my parents. So my dad never heard a joke, but I told my mom on the jokes. She was, yeah, she hated it. She hated it so bad. I said, but mom, this is one of my best jokes. So I wanna keep it. Well, that's a good point. First of all, with it being so raunchy, do you invite your parents to comedy shows? My mom will come to my shows. My dad, absolutely not. My dad is not gonna come to no shows. Every actor like, hey, you come to your daughter's show. He like, nah, I can't take the way she talks. Talk to Nancy for me. Does that give you any apprehension? I mean, is that something that's going through your head when you go to the show or your mother's in the audience? Are you thinking about that? Or do you zone out and just do your show? I just do my show. My mom in my show, I just do my show. It'd be funny, because I will mention she at the show. So it'd be something I will mention about my mom's here. Yeah, she hate that joke. But it'd make it more funny when I say it. So it's like, yeah. And it's crazy, because she remember the story, the joke I say she remember, because it's happened when I was younger. Me personally, when my mother was here, she actually came to, and I don't know why I even went along with this, but she came to one of the premieres. It was either a premier or a screening or whatever of ROOST, which you can see now on Tubi for free. Shame as fuck. She came to it and it was funny because I did announce that she was there. And then, usually after that, we'll have the cast and there'll be the row in the front and people get to ask questions. And they ask questions about the love scene that was in there and the actress that was in the scene with me was there. And a home. You had a sex scene? Yeah, yeah. Pretty much all of my movies have a sex scene in it, which again is very uncomfortable when you know that your parent is in the audience. But they asked about it. And it's that thing of, okay, this can be sticky, but no pun intended. But I have to still be professional and do my job. And so they're asking about this love scene and there was a certain comment and I just felt, and it even got to the point where one of the people on stage was like, didn't he just say his mother's in the audience? What are y'all, what are y'all asking? And, but I still had to do that. So I think it's interesting when we're in that there was one movie that I never mentioned to my parents that I made that film. And it's not because it's actually no nudity in it, but just the pure subject matter. I couldn't take it. That's just something, because it was revolved around love and relationships and sex and that was the entire film is about that. So that one, I wasn't gonna go for, but something like Roose, which is more gangster, but although it does have a sex scene in it, I don't know why, but it was cool. I never asked any more questions about it. I left it alone and kind of ignored the whole thing, but she enjoyed the film and that's important because I think we always wanna make our parents proud, even though we might be doing some things that could make us nervous with their opinion. So that's important. Do you feel like women are forced or coerced into being more sexual than the guys? The same or what? How do you feel about that? It's the thing is, when I was coming up and coming back to meet Ben Ranchi, it was a lot of, when people asked me to do clean comedy and that's how it's told me to women and comedy, that's they go to talk about sex and all that. I'm like, well, that's what we're doing, having sex. And we can make a joke out of it for the most part because we deal with, at the end of the day, when it comes to relationships and growing up we have sex, deal with ancient ass, ancient men, all that type of shit, we have to talk about it. And it's like, by being not having no kids, it's how I have to do something different or whatever by saying, swallowing kids, because I did it before. I ain't never had a abortion, then I realized how much abortion costs. That's a lot of money. So I was safe. I thought it was the safe route. That's very true. And what a lot of people don't know about comics. And I was privy to that by knowing them is a lot of comics have very tragic lives. And almost like therapy, we're working on a, my next film is gonna be about mental health. For them, what I've heard is that the comedies actually like therapy, that they can take very tragic situations and make a light of it in their own lives, right? And it's almost to the point where it is therapy because again, it's so tragic that if they didn't make light of it and find a way to get satisfaction from the reaction of the crowd to their jokes, they probably would be in a mental institution or having to do something. Is that something that you find as well? Yeah, come to this therapy. This most definitely is. It's like, you can have like, probably a lot of comedies that have a bad day. Have a bad day. Then when they, once anybody step on the stage and put the mic in their hand and it could be a joy for us to make other people laugh. And then we probably would still feel shitty as fuck after the set. But we'll find some joy from the crowd. Or shit, I first can't have a bad day, have a bad set or whatever and just be just fucked up. So it's like comedy, it goes all, feelings is all over the place for the most part. What is that feeling like? I don't know if you've ever bombed before. Oh, yeah, hell yeah. What is that feeling like? Boy, I- You haven't to finish the set. Oh, I bombed. I'll give you one place I bombed at, Francis. Francis was, Francis, when I first went to Francis, when I say I bombed horribly, I say I'm not a comedian. I start crying in the car. I say, I am not a comedian. I can't do this. They laugh at nothing. And the only thing you can do is just have a replay in your head and help bitch you bomb, just a replay. But at the same time, when we come down to it, we talk to teachers, well, mentors in the comedy game, OGs in the comedy. They say, don't give up. You're gonna bomb, everybody bomb. So this is a part of the process. It's like paying basketball. You can have a bad game. I wish I do pay basketball. So it's like, don't ever give up. Cause at the end of the day, it's gonna make you better, it's gonna make you stronger. You play basketball? Yeah, I was a sinner. Sinner of what? In basketball? Yeah, I was an emissary. Cause you're like four foot nothing. I don't know how you do it. You're the, you're the spud web of women's basketball. Is that what it is? Yeah, no? No. Oh, okay. Shout out to Marlon Mitchell over at Francis. Marlon. Good brother, good brother. We gotta do something sooner or later. And actually, I need to figure out, last time I told him, he was like, man, you gotta use the situation, man. And I just haven't figured out, I'm the type of person to make a phone call once I've got a really good plan. I'm just gonna, you know what I'm saying, just use it for no reason. But we did shoot there when we had Damon Williams who interviewed Brian, the Wildcat Smith. Both of those are good friends of mine. And also in the movie Hate Love, which you can also see on Tubi for free right now, streaming on Tubi. We're gonna come right back. We're gonna take another break for these messages cause we got, you know, we gotta take some bills around this motherfucker. But we will be back with more tiny thickums right here on Rock Fusion. Growing up in the hood can be hard. No, it's not supposed to hurt. But you know what? He was telling the truth when he said he fucked the shit out of me. You're faced with many choices. If I can set up a meeting, done. So you might as well go ahead and get to cooking. Then when you finally get the money, a motherfucker walk up and try to take your shit. Now you got to go to war. Do you stay and help? But if I wasn't out of town, I'd have fucked dude up, man. But you heard something? You know, if I'd heard something, I'd have told you. Or do you get out and you can't make a decision on whether I want to be in the game for real or not? Which one would you choose? Fuck that motherfucking screener, man. Just tell me what the fuck I want to know. King B's hate glove, starring an ensemble cast. King B, the bad girls clubs Tiffany Torrance Davis. VH1's J. Marie. Showtime at the Apollo's Damon Williams. Bruce, Brian the Wildcat Smith. Do or dies, below zero. Well, later with Leon's Leon Rogers and many more. Oh, it's gonna be some shit, huh? Yeah, it'll be some shit. Watch King B's Hate Love streaming now for free on 2B. We're back with more tiny thickums, a comedian hand. Do y'all really give a shit about that? You know, comedian, comedian hand, all that bullshit? No, I didn't, I really didn't pay attention to it. I just thought it was comedian. Then people put extra hands and ease up in that motherfucking comedian hand. We saw that in the dictionary or anything like that. But I guess that's for women. That's like actors and actresses. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we all have our thing. You know, one thing about it is when I go to comedy clubs and I'm even publicly committing to come. I've been wanting to come to one of your shows. I've been very public about saying the heart condition and everything that I was diagnosed with and just recovering and all this COVID shit and being more quarantined and everything. But I am going to get back out into the world very, very soon. So I want to come to one of your comedy sets. But as I've told you before, when I have a routine, typically I'll say I'm coming and you won't know that shit until you come on stage. Because I know I'm not finna get roasted by you motherfuckers. And I'm just not, I'm not going to put up with that type of shit. So I would be in the back with the darkest shit and they'd be like, man, I didn't know you were here. I know, damn it. Cause I'm not finna fuck with you like that. Have you, have you, when people decide that they want to roast a comedian who does this every day and who's put study into this, how do you feel about those hecklers in the audience? Hecklers are fun to me on the most part. See, I'm not, the thing is I am not a roaster. I'm not a, if I do roast it'd be random or unless I'm under the influence. And if it's something funny, I will say it. So when it comes out to hecklers, I don't have a problem with hecklers. Cause I was just saying, you got a little dick, shut up. But that's the only thing I say. Yeah, I love that little dick shit. It's funny because, yeah. My favorite joke for hecklers. Shut up, you got a little dick. That's your favorite joke anybody ever say. I'm not a fuck, I don't start unzipping your pants. I said, pull it out. It's an answer show, pull out that dick. And you do the nasty show. Yeah. We're gonna talk about that where people can see you. One thing about it is that, again, I go to people's shows. I pay to go to people's shows and I do that purposefully even though I know I can get free tickets. Fuck that. I wanna support financially as well as with my presence. But I'm one comedian in particular, Damon. Damon talks about being like this gangster and shit when he was coming up. And if you know Damon, you don't see none of that shit at all, right? Until someone heckles him and I've noticed this shit. Damon has that happy go lucky ass look. But when someone heckles him, he turns into something. He has a look and he'll look at that motherfucker like, you do not know who you're fucking with. And you just see that shit. And it's like he almost wants to go back into being Damon Williams. He's like, no, fuck that. And he goes right in on them and I've seen it happen. It's the most hilarious thing if you really pay attention to people that it's just seeing that whole process. And when I get on the show, I'm gonna talk about that shit. But he just zooms in and zeroes in and you'll ask and you will be sorry fucking around with him. What is that like being on stage? Is there, do you still get nervous? Do you still get the butterflies? Is it like an out of body experience? Do you, are you in the moment? Like what's it like being on stage doing that? New roles make me nervous. Rones I haven't done before will make me nervous. Like butterflies, when they come down to me doing lab factory now, me be on the stage, I don't get nervous no more cause I'm foreigner. I be from there every, every Saturday. So it's like, don't be a nerve no more. I just have to pray that, you know, do a good set, be a great host with the whole night. And you are the host of the Nasty Show over at the Lab Factory. Which starts, what time? 1130 PM. If you're in the Chicago area and you're going to witness a Nasty Show and you can go to the Nasty Show at the Lab Factory at 1130 on Saturday. Yeah. And you can find Tiny Thinkums right there. You're gonna see my picture on the marquee. Look, she got the picture on the marquee and all that shit. How long have you been doing that? I started hosting in October. And that's really big because you're still relatively new to the comedy game. I think when I started checking you out and I told you this, I just thought you were hot. And so I was like, oh, shit. And then I found out that you were a comic. And so I said, well, let me see what this is about. And I will say that I've been thoroughly entertained from afar by what you're doing. And a lot of people doing this for years and years and years and don't get an opportunity to have their own room. So that kudos to you and the hard work that you put in to do that. People don't realize that this shit is really work. It seems easy. It seems fun. And I'm pretty sure it is. And people think comedy is like a fun activity. Like a lot of people think it's so fun. A lot of people think cause they funny on the street or they can do stage. I'll say it's a different feel. It's so different. I'll say you can make bad people out compared to, so I can sell out the show through 100 people. I say you can't make all 300 people laugh. I'll say it's hard work if you have to have a structure when it comes down to comedy. I realized what it was. Again, at some point, just to just scratch that off the list, my intention is to do an open mic one night. One night, one night only. And somewhere where I don't know anyone, which is very hard cause I know many comedians in the game in Chicago. It might be out of town somewhere. Somewhere, and if I do well, great, I'm gonna leave it there. If I bomb, none of you motherfuckers gonna know. So don't give a shit. But I'm gonna do it one time. And the funniest thing when I decided I wanted to do that, I would say I had to open mic. I'm not the fuck going up there. And that's when you realize the shit. Like when you say, okay, this is something I'm gonna do. And then you start to realize how serious it actually is until you put yourself in that situation. And I visually put myself in the situation and say, hey, oh no. And I'm someone who likes challenges most of the time. That shit, no, no. And it's definitely gonna be around people who may never see me again. And it could be like in some hick town where no one will probably ever watch any of my movies, don't know who the fuck I am. You know what I'm saying? Cause I don't want anybody to say it. You know, I saw your movie, but I just happened to be in the club one night and you sucked. I don't need that shit in my life. I found it interesting when you were saying that you, new rooms make you nervous. How is it to go into a new room and have to quickly, because I've heard of different comics having to basically read the crowd early, right? Yeah, you gotta do your walk-arounds. Okay. Yeah, look at everything. So you do this beforehand, before you go on stage? Okay. Do you walk around and talk to people and get a feel and that sort of thing? Depends. Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't. You know, I'll be, so like a lot of people, I'll be laughing or whatever sometimes. I don't like talk to people before, so. Okay. So I just really just get the feel, just walk around. If somebody talks to me, it's gonna be a male, try to say something to me, for the most part. Cause all that ass. But yeah, all that ass. Don't do this. Shut up. Eat this. Do you eat booty? No, shut up. Talk to me. Go buy me a drink. When you are on stage for the first time and you're having to do that, do you have specific go to material for different audiences? No, my set is a set. I already did the same. It don't really matter. I said same things at the back room, white room, Hispanic room. At the end of the day, if I'm at the Hispanic room, I just throw some Spanish in there. So you tweak it. You don't change the set. Yeah. Just tweak it. I tweak it. Okay, but when you have to do, do you do any clean shows? Absolutely not. Absolutely. Hell no. I ain't got it. That means jokes I got clean. I think a roast joke. I think that's part of a cleanest joke. I said, that's some damn roaches or in a sad chick joke or something like that. But yeah, I don't get that many clean jokes. Is that something you endeavor to do is just not a motivation for you? Mm-mm, no. You're like me growing up as a, well, growing up with my parents, my mother and my grandma raunchy. Okay. I'm gonna be saying, I'm like, this is how my mom talk, this is how my grandma, you know, my grandma talk, everything. So it's like, there's always been in me. Mm-hmm. That's what you grew up in. So I always, yeah, talking to her. See throughout the whole day, if I'm talking to somebody, like, you know, Mother's Day came around. People say, oh, happy Mother's Day. Like, girl, I'm talking to my kids, but thank you. And I keep walking. Mm-hmm. And I want you to just say, I swallow them, Jameson. Kill them. You gonna need a Jameson sponsor. Because you just promote it. I do. They gonna have to, hey, I better holler at her. She promoting your shit too much. Pour me up some Jameson right now. Oh, shit. I'm gonna fall down the stairs, fucking with that Jameson. There's some shit that I don't fuck with. Oh, granddad is one. We were shooting ROOST. My cousin plays Cutfoot Calhoun. That's my actual blood cousin. And he has, we shot at his house. He has a bar. If you've seen the movie ROOST, you'll see that bar and all that liquor that he has in the place. And we just sat after a shoot. It's funny because it was the day we also shot the cover, the initial cover with me with the two pistols into the camera. If you've seen that, we cleaned it up for streaming and changed it to me with the pistol pointed away from the camera. But originally that was the cover when we were selling them on DVDs. And I was fucked up. I had a headache. I drink old granddad for the first time in my life. I went straight past the drunk shit and went straight to the hangover. My shit, I'd never got drunk. We drank that shit down to a couple of swallows, just me and him the whole fucking bottle. And I didn't, I was not drunk at any time. And it just went straight to the headache. I'm like, I'm never drinking this shit again. I guarantee you, and I've been true to my word with that. Do you feel more comfortable on stage with liquor? Or is it, or just something that being in the club is just something that's just naturally done? So when I first started coming, I used to get overdrunk on stage. When I first started, that me already don't know how to talk like a motherfucker. So it was like my word was coming out slurrish. So people didn't never understand what the fuck I was saying. And I talk fast and sell too. So I'm twister and I'm drunk. So now when I do shows, now that I do show, I will have a drink, just sit by myself before I get on stage or whatever. So I have better control of my drinking now. So it's like, don't get fucked up before you're on stage now. You know, I feel like, cause I also do photography as well. And I found that it's easier for me sometimes to have a drink. I ain't smoking no weed. Cause everything's- Oh yeah, I can't unless it's a weed show. But yeah, me smoking weed before a show. Yeah, my jokes is gonna be gone. When I say gone, that shit vanished. Like, I don't understand what's up, motherfucker. How the fuck I forget to say what's up, motherfucker? My first thing would be like, I'm high as hell. After that, all my jokes. And as you hear the bottle popping, you know, probably gonna get drunk right now. I heard it. Yeah, yeah, all that shit. What's funny to me, there are some comedians that knowing them and calling them, for me, it's problematic. And some not. And the reason being is, I always feel like I'm a test audience with some comedians. And you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like they're trying new material out on me. Hey, motherfucker, listen, I called to talk to you. Not for your fucking jokes. You know what I'm saying? If I wanna see your fucking show, I'll come see you on stage. It's also other radio personalities, it's hilarious. Some of them, again, you talk to them, it's a regular shit. Some of them, you know, they, hey, what's your, listen, I called your ass. I don't wanna hear this shit. You're not on the radio right now. Stop this shit. You're doing too much. Do you find that, like, we're talking with other comedians that it's almost like you feel almost obligated to go along with them when you clearly notice, like, they're trying to be funny because they have a reputation of being a comedian? No, it's like, when it comes down to it, when I talk to comedians, now I'm saying we all have normal conversations. So if we do say something funny, that's after we will say, hey, put that as a joke, so that's funny, it's funny. It could be a fucked up situation or whatever, but at the same time as the meeting, we would always, you know, put some dramatics in it on what I wanted to tell the story to. So it's like, at that day, it's like, I could say this, I could really say this story that happened to me today. I'm walking to the store or whatever, so this guy, or he beeped his horn at me and while I said, I ain't no ho no mo. And I'm not on sister up. So yeah, I get out the car or whatever and he started talking, but his teeth was rotten. What? Rotten, like he had wooden teeth. Oh, rotten, I thought you said watching. Rotten, no, watching, watching. It was horrible. He said, can I talk to you? I'm like, mm-mm. It's like, I need to shut the fuck up most of the time because one day I don't get slapped by a motherfucker. I'm like, I can't talk to you, cut your teeth fucked up. That's funny. That's not like, it's not a comedian. I'm not saying that as a comedian. It's like, it's based off a true story. But I can say that on stage, your people will laugh. Now people know the truth. Some of y'all that ain't called in a minute because y'all motherfuckers make me feel like you on stage. Stop that shit. I'm calling to talk to you, not your fucking show. All right, cut that shit. Some people, they ain't like me. Motherfucker, you ain't paid shit. I'm not finna do no goddamn show for you. And that's what cool, because I'm talking to you, but some people, they don't turn that shit off at all. And then there's some people like, I'm not gonna mention their name, but that's just how they are. They talk exactly like they sound on the radio. And I'm like, no, that's him. You know, I actually realized this, he never turns this shit off. I'm like, okay. Oh, all right. I find it interesting. And one thing that I hear a lot of comedians saying, what you were saying in the beginning, like it's kinda cut through out. I, from an outsider's point of view, see a lot of camaraderie between comedians that I don't see in other forms and fashions of the industry, whether it be music, because I started out in the music industry, certainly filmmakers, we have a huge problem with some people who wanna be supported, but don't support others. And that's why some of you motherfuckers will never see me at your premieres, shows, don't even ask me shit. But then there's some who are very supportive of each other. And, you know, I rock with them and I fuck with them and I pay to go to their shit as well when I can get free tickets. But I rather support financially as well as my presence. Because I think that's important. And I'm one of those dislike, that's why I've been able to put radio personalities, comedians, all sort of people in the same movie together and get them to work together. But I find it interesting that you say that it's cut through, to me, again, outsider, it seems like you guys have more camaraderie than other spaces. What do you find that really is the drawback or the actual cutthroat nature of being a comedian? I have to, about me being a comedian, I realize me being humble and me just continuing to show love towards my fellow comedian, my peers, my family, you know, company family. At the end of the day, we all want, like we gonna have a disagreement for the most part. I was like, so I look at that as family. So about me being this loving person, this loving person, I'm very supportive when it comes to all comedians. Even if I probably don't like the comedian, I'm still gonna be supportive because at the end of the day, I won't see all comedians succeed. I don't want their rights to be great because I know for a fact I'm gonna succeed. And so it really don't matter if I won't get that little back, you know, get that little back and I don't care. I just know what I did when it comes to me as a comedian by showing my support towards other people. Because at the end of the day, I love everybody. I don't hate nobody or anything like that. So I just had to realize that about my personality for the most part. When you- Be supportive because at the end of the day, you need a long run. You would never know when you need a person. You would never know. And they fuck around to be the hottest shit in like two more years and you be like, damn, damn. Damn, you know what I'm saying? You never know. But that's damn by my little dummy as Hayden. Right, right? You never know. Yeah, so I don't hate on nobody for the most part. Don't hate at the end of the day. I'm just gonna be this loving and supporting ass motherfucking that I already am because I see where my life gonna go. That's what's up. That's what's up. All right, so we're gonna take one more break. We're gonna come back. I think that comes in. So our fusion, let's get it. Growing up in the hood can be hard. No, it's not the end. But you know what? He was telling the truth when he said he fucked the shit out of me. You're faced with many choices. If I can set up the meeting, done. So you might as well go ahead and get to cooking. Then when you finally get the money, a motherfucker walk up and try to take your shit. Now you got to go to war. Do you stay and help? But if I wasn't out of time, I'd have fucked dude up, man. But you heard something? You know if I'd heard something, I'd have told you. Or do you get out and you can't? I can make a decision on whether I want to be in the game for real or not. Which one would you choose? I don't want that motherfucker screening, man. You just tell me what the fuck I want to know. King B's Hate Love, starring an ensemble cat. King B, the bad girls clubs Tiffany Torrance Davis. VH1's J. Marie. Showtime with the Apollo's Damon Williams. ROOST's Brian the Wildcat Smith. Dua dies below zero. Well, later with Leon's Leon Rogers and many more. Oh, it's gonna be some shit, man. It's gonna be some shit. Watch King B's Hate Love, streaming now for free on 2B. I'm free, I'm fucking it, don't shit. I got that out of the way, so I think I'm gonna go. All right, so first of all, I want to tell a little bit about myself. I've been telling a bit for 11 months now. Woo! Thank you. Okay, thank you so much. Thank you. No, thank you. I am so mad, I got this mic in my hand right now. It looks like a dick. It is shaped like a dick, so I'm a little bullseye. If I put it on pussy, it might be a dick. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Raw Fusion. We have been blessed with the presence of Tiny Thiccums. As a host, I want to know, it's your responsibility. Is it your responsibility who actually hits the stage? Is it something that you do previously or with comics that you know that are proven? Or is it more of an open mic setting? What was the deal with that whole thing? I'm gonna come down to a Saturday showcase. At the last half of the year, I choose. Me and the manager, we work together too. We're gonna have some meetings. But by me being outside in the, you know, around, I may want to come down to the company. I go to everybody's room. So I try to bless everybody with the same, because at the end of the day, you would never know if they're gonna ever get, you know, be on the last after each stage again. It could be their debut. And it's some comedians that have been doing comics for years and haven't touched the last after each. I was so amazed by that. When I'm now bringing up somebody that never brings, been doing comics for over 10 years and never stepped the foot on the last after each stage. So it's like, I'd be amazed by that. So when it comes out today, and it could be OGs in the game. So it'd be like, I'd be happy for myself. Like, oh, I got the platform to put my people on the people I looked up to in the past three years. When it comes out to the company. For me to even share a stage or for them to say, yeah, I'll do a show for you. I'm so happy that I'm a cool ass comedian and they fuck with me for the most part. Giving opportunities to different people. I feel much the same way with giving opportunities to new actors. I don't think I've done a movie that I haven't had at least one person that's never acted before. But I see something in them. And I'm good at this. I'm really good at, I'm good at judging people's character. And I'm good, I have a good eye for talent. And even though they might not even be confident enough in just like my cousin, for instance, when I did ROOST and he was like, man, you got to do, you got to do his country talking. Do, and he's like, man, you got to do that gangster movie. That's gonna be the one. That's gonna be one of the ones. And he believed in it so much. And I'm like, okay, look, if I do this shit, you're gonna have to be in it and you're gonna have to play. I do whatever we got to do. And to the point, he's one of the most talked about people when I say, you know, I talk to people after watching the movie. That guy, the boss, oh man, he got it. And he's gotten offers. And he doesn't want to be an actor or any of that shit. He just supported me with it. And but he's gotten job offers for other films. I love being able to do that. Yes, I work with professionals and people have been doing this shit for years. But I think it's important that we also keep an eye out for someone who hasn't had that opportunity and give them that opportunity. And truly, I believe in you as a comedian. And I look forward for us doing a lot of work together. I see you got to tell it. And I saw it a while ago. Now I'm seeing that you had consistency. And another thing, I see your heart because if you look at her on social media, she'll have little clips of other comedians and she'll put like their username or whatever you call this shit now on there for you to be able to follow those comedians and hook up with them. And that's something I've really never seen another comedian do. Most of the time it's their set. I was amazed by that. Yeah, because most of the time it's their set. Yeah, there's their set and they're promoting it and pushing that, them. But you push others as well. Yeah, I was very amazed when I'd be going up North with the North comics. It'd be so funny. They're like, hey, can you do a boomerang? I'm like, okay, I'll do it anyway. But I know it meant so much because that's how everybody know like, honey, you be everywhere. You be with everybody. I'm like, yeah, comedy is comedy. Funny is funny. Everybody got a difference in humor. I fuck with good people. I try to anyway. Let me give a fuck how popular, what you sold, what you do. People that come on this show are people that I admire as people more than what they do. I did that other shit. I've had, like I said, Alicia Keys, Megan Good. Good people, by the way, back in the day when Flo and she were together. I've been in this game for a minute. They were on my show, several different people, national people have been on my show. And I fuck with good people. There are other interviews that hit the cutting room floor because I saw that they were pieces of shit. And truth of the matter is, fuck you. I don't give a shit. I wanna promote good people and the people that are good at what they do. And I am a big ass critic. I'm not a comedian, but I know what shit's funny. And I know when you're putting in the work and I know when you're putting in the time, the effort, the study to grow and do your thing. And I wanna commend you and celebrate you for the things that you have done in such a short amount of time. You almost remind me of me because I came in the game not knowing how to do television, production, any of that shit. But I realized that if I was gonna have power, it's gonna be behind the camera and not just singing and dancing or performing in front of camera. And although I love being an actor, being behind the scenes affords me an ability to be able to not only put on others, but get out stories that I feel that we need to get out to the people. So, and I did that within three years starting at Cable Access, not knowing how to produce television, it was on a broadcast network by in three years. So, you can do it, you just gotta put in a lot of work. And so I commend you for doing it. And for being, yeah, most definitely. And for being a good person, I truly believe in karma. And I think that if you put that good energy out there, that energy will come back. So, I wanna take a little moment and celebrate you for what you've done and what you're still doing. And keep it up, motherfucker. Thank you, motherfucker. That was so nice, I must cry. Well, that's truthful. I appreciate you for being on the show today. Well, I appreciate you for being trying to do the show for five weeks, yeah. Yeah, but see, every time we get ready to do it, you start drinking that damn Jameson's and fuck up everything. I broke my ankle today. Oh, good Jameson. What was you doing? Jameson? No, no, just joking. I appreciate you. Tiny thickums, before we go, where can they see you all during the week? Where are you? You can see me throughout the week of worm hub. Well, hey, I told you she got a body. So, I'm gonna click that link. And depending on how long the scene is, I'm gonna have a really good time. Oh, no, where can they see you? One minute. Good for a minute. No, I'm not a mini man, so I had to put it on repeat. No, where can they see you? You go find me on Instagram, Facebook, at Tiny Thickums, that's T-I-N-Y-T-H-I-C-K-E-M-Z. If you see dicks on my page, that is me. If you see, oh, yeah, that's true. That's true. Yeah, that's how we tell people about me. See dicks, that's me. See dicks, I got a lot of dildos. I got confused for a minute, because you are a woman, and I just, I had to think about it. I'm not gonna tell the bit though. You gotta go check her out and see what she's actually talking about. But it took me a minute, because I was getting confused. All right, wait a minute. I know she's part of the LGBT LNLP, but I'm pretty sure she was born a woman. So when you see that, I had to think about it. Great, check her out. It's Tiny Thickums right here, Raw Fusion. It's time to talk some shit with King B on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Brought to you by King B's Hate Love, now streaming for free on Tubi. You know, very interesting when you have the opportunity to, and it's actually putting in the work to achieve the things and the goals that you see them achieving. And it's important that we start to reach out for those who actually want it. There are some of us who have done some wonderful things and we all have a new level to climb. But while we're climbing that ladder, it's always good to throw a hand back and pull someone up with you. That's what we try to do here at Raw Fusion. And that's what we'll continue to do. And this is Raw Fusion.