We're flying with the Voters today, Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B's Raw Fusion Podcast It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you, without a strong show to flip to Now think of how many weeks shows you slept through Time's up, I'm about to bless you with another season Another reason to cut on the TV and start the cheesin' To get up on the phone and go call your friends and let them know the King B's Raw Fusion begins To sit on back and enjoy yourself, I'll be your company baby If you need a little help, I took off for a while to revise the plan I got my focus on, so I can check out the scam and open up my team Eliminated the fake, it really got me a beat from Bobby Drake And now I'm back and it's better than you ever saw, but enough talk, let's get raw A typical night at the clubs, let's get raw You don't want to fall in love, let's get raw You got the fusion in your blood, let's get raw And to my ladies and my thugs, let's get raw And to the haters on the scene, let's get raw Don't be mad cause we got green, let's get raw You should be trying to make the team Let's get raw Cause we taking everything Let's get raw Raw Fusion. Hey, it is Super Producer Lisa Ian, you know what time it is right now, that's right, it's time for Raw Fusion. With the one and only wonderful host, my man King B's. Awww. Yo, what's up ladies and gentlemen, King B's right here, you know how it goes down. This is King B's Raw Fusion. Now we've been talking about movies, but they've been my movies. I love the game. I let the game so much that I'm not just going to talk about my films, right? Because if I truly am a lover and a student of the game, then I'm actually going to promote other people who are doing well within the film industry as well, right? You know, you get to be around these people and they only care about themselves or what they're doing all the time. And of course we all have to promote ourselves, but I think for us to go somewhere, we have to learn that we're not the only ones in the game and we need to be able to promote more than just ourselves. So today I have a filmmaker that even before inviting him on the show, hell, before I even brought the show back, I had told him just how great I thought one of his films were. He's since done several more films and other projects as well. The director, you guys know how much I fuck with Belly visually. And when I told him, I said, the movie was like the Chicago version of Belly. This guy right here, you know him from Vulture City, City of Vultures. He is the star and the director. His name is Marcus Carellis. What's up, brother? How you feeling? Hey, what's up, man? You ever thought about doing voiceover, my brother? Yeah, I do that. I got an agent, everything. You have an amazing voice, man, for voiceover, man. You know, that's dope, bro, dope. Likewise, man, likewise, I appreciate it. Appreciate you reaching out, calling me on to be a part of this establishment of yours, this endeavor, this, you know, I figured to be pretty dope, man. And I remember first time, I think we really connected face to face was at one of your rare carpet events some years ago. And we talked, we chopped it up a little bit, took some photos. Man, I still have those photos, by the way. And one of the things that stuck out to me the most was the way you genuinely showed me some love for the productions that I was doing. And you didn't, you know, you know, genuine energy when you approach especially coming from a city where we're from, where there's not much of an exchange of love for people that are in the same, you know, art form or the same lane as you pretty much, you know, is very rare. So I want to say thanks for that. Appreciate that. It's the thing is one of those things that has left a lasting impression on me as far as knowing who you are. I just feel like it's first, I mean, it's they say you never get a second chance for first impression. That was a great first impression, you know, and I think it really established a connection with us. We know we've talked a few times over the years and each time has always been a productive, positive, productive conversation. So thank you for having me on, bro. Oh, for sure, man, for sure. And everybody knows, hell, sometimes people don't like me because I'm kind of really blunt and honest about the shit that I say. So if I say, I fuck with you, I fuck with you, you know what I mean? And if I don't, I don't fuck you. I don't care if you get upset of me because, you know what I mean? I don't want to be fake. It ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah, all the acting I'm going to do is going to be on the screen. Right. If you don't have a check and a script, I'm just going to keep it real with you. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, it is what it is. And I want to shout out and rest in peace to our brother. Palermo really, I believe, the reason why we ended up meeting. He was in my movie. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. He was. Yeah, I remember that night, man. I was just looking at that photo we took in my memories. I actually it's a photo. I had placed a photo in the text message. Stan was just a modest dude, man. I don't care what, you know, he was definitely different. He loved the culture. Being an Italian guy, he really embraced our culture. He was on the music scene, hip hop, film, spent a lot of time with him, man, all the way until he passed away. We had this every day thing, whereas I was flying from Vegas to do some work in Chicago. He wouldn't let me get a hotel. He would insist that I stayed at his house over in Pullman. He had got an apartment over in the Pullman area, and it was sad to see him struggle with the fact that he was wearing that that was a colonoscopy bag. And I remember he was pressed about he's like, man, Marcus, ain't no woman going to want me like this. He was very adamant about establishing himself in some type of relationship and very short lived, man. Very, very, very short lived. I have to change the whole concept of my films around the passing of him and Terry Wilson. Miss him greatly, miss him dearly. That's my guy, man. It's my guy and Palermo. Yeah. Yeah, man. Real cool guy. He came through with the production and we became cool from there. And so when he bought you to the to the the premiere and I said, yeah, I'm going to come support your film. I bought tickets. When I say that me being in the game for some of the years, I can get free tickets. I can't get free tickets. But I said, no, I want to pay for the tickets. And I bought the tickets. I'm not a free shit. You're not going to give me a free ticket. I'm going to buy it because I respect the game. Right. And so not knowing what the fuck I was going to see. You end up having your premiere on the north side. I forgot the name. Yeah, yeah. Portage Theatre, the Portage Theatre. Yeah. Mm hmm. And then I went to that when I say that first of all was packed. Let's just get that out. Yeah. Yeah. So remember that motherfucker is if I think it was a thousand seater and he might have had people up against the wall, I'm just saying. Yeah. Yeah. It sure did. I never heard that. So I'm not like that. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah, that shit was that shit was dope. And I was in a row with some people that I knew in the industry, really cool situation, because then, you know, you can kind of share the movie with someone, you know, although it wasn't I bought two tickets and came by myself. I don't think I had time. I was working on something else and I didn't have time to pick up a date. So but I was going to be there. I believe that you buy a ticket and you get your ass in a seat. You don't just buy a ticket and say, oh, fuck it. Or you don't just show up. You know what I'm saying? You buy a ticket, you show up, you support, you know, the whole nine yards. Yeah. And when I say I'm looking at this film and I'm enjoying it and it pissed me the fuck off. And this is what I say. We need more because quite frankly, I've actually talked about this on the podcast. There are people and you in particular I'm a competitor and so I like to compete and so and not sabotage anything, you know what I mean? But I won't repeat. So it pissed me off. This this shit, look at this shit here. OK, OK, I'm coming for your ass. You know I'm coming for you, right? I told you that shit. You said something like that. You did. You did something like that. You did not. And that you did. And it's not hate. It's not hate is admiration. And that's the thing. We need to do that because what's going to and then you should see my movie and say, yeah, OK, I got you. And see what that ends up doing in propels both of us to be better. I think yeah, it does. I think they all, you know, even with the wealth that they've accumulated over the course of their careers, use each other for that form of inspiration. Got to the point I heard stories about Lucas and Spielberg that they were actually trading off scripts and silently collaborating even when a career that careers got to a certain point. And it's just one of those things, man. Like even for me, I have my people that I may look at. I feel like being an underground filmmaker, as long as I have, I always take it damn impersonal, what the industry does. Or when you see people that just so happen to be in the right place in the right time and they get those multi-million dollar budgets and then make a shitty film and then come back and they get financing again for it and all. And here I am underground, underdog. I always use that energy right there to motivate me because honestly, like, you know, my life, for instance, don't have family pretty much of a loner guy. Like, even right here, you can hear my voice echoing the house. I got a big old space to live by myself. And so with that, I don't have elements around me to motivate me. You know, there's nothing in my personal life. You know, the parents died on all of that. So, you know, for most people, you know, men in general, when we work hard is usually because we have something that motivates us to, you know, work hard and just, you know, because either we got people to take care of or whatever. I personally have to use what's going on in the industry. It's not just my inspiration, but my motivation. Like right now, I'm I have a silent competitive spirit for Netflix because they're so fucking great. And when I look at them being as great as they are, I ask myself, why can't I be that great? Why can't I have an internet TV station that's popping like Netflix? You know, no matter how far fetched it is or seen, you know, this is what we do. Everything that we do is based off of optimism, you know, optimism pretty much, you know what I mean? Like and just having that being able to have some type of vision. That's who we are as artists. We're in the same boat. Yeah, man, here by myself. And then with the with the heart complications and me making the decision to really not just go back outside just so quickly. You know, it is what it is. And I'm having a great fucking time. People don't understand that. Why? Because I'm being more creative. I got I don't know how I got in the situation. I put out four movies and I still got a ton of shit else to do. Shit doesn't stop, you know what I mean? I've been moving more or accomplishing more things sitting here than I have, you know, when I was moving around. So that's important to find those different ways to motivate yourself. Yeah, because if you don't find those ways to motivate yourself, you'll become stagnant. And next, do you know, you look up and it's a should have woulda coulda situation. I know you were talking about streaming service. We're going to get into that in just a minute when we come back. This is King B's World Fusion. Let's go. Hey, ev, everybody? It's King B. And I want to tell you about my website, KingBWorldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, Worldwide.com. There you can find all sorts of stuff, including links to my book, the movies and even the podcast there as well. It's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. Raw Fusions. Go back, Marcus, brothers, not only the director, the writer, producer and star of City of Vultures, Vulture City. It's funny. I'm pretty sure those people, those type of people that you name was probably or talked about earlier. Motivation for the name, Vulture City. A bunch of vultures. We'll talk about that, not just culture vultures, but real vultures. But we'll talk about that. Let's talk about this streaming things. You have your own streaming channel, correct? Yeah, yeah, definitely. After doing my City of Vultures film, which is the one that's now streaming on, I think two be through other platforms. But upon finishing that in 2014, I'd invest it. I got to go back to the motivation behind it. OK, Vulture City One, I got shot that you were there. You saw the film. I think I spent somewhere up around 90 grand on the film. Fribulously spending money on a micro budget film because I didn't know, you know, I had been in entertaining for a long time, but this was my first financial endeavor with making the type of investment. And so lost tremendously. The bootleggers at the time, you know, it became a co-class for the bootleggers, but it didn't put no, it didn't make my pocket sped it off. So I told myself the second time around with no experience outside a game that I would make a film that would surpass the quality of the first one and would have a better chance at major distribution. So in doing that, I spent everything, well, over $100,000 for City of Vultures, the one that's streaming now, you know, and that's a lot of money off a man's salary. I know that's micro budget and what we do, but, you know, just from a man's salary and no investors, a shitload of money. And once again, I got stuck with the film, no distribution. Took me about six to nine months and I finally landed some distribution. Advancement wasn't shit. And from there, I fell into some very hard financial times. And with that, I started thinking about, you know, how could I continue to be a filmmaker and not have that type of misfortune? So I started with the website for the films or whatever, placing them on the film, on the website, you know, streaming servers. And during this time, this was 2015, you know, before HBO Max, before Disney Plus, before a shitload of streaming services that exist today. I felt the wave coming. I said, this shit is about to get real digital around here because, you know, when you're hitting barbershops and you're selling your film off the trunk, you start hearing people talk about stuff like, look, I don't even have a DVD player. Once I started hearing that a whole lot I was learning that DVDs were becoming obsolete. So I jumped on the stream of service with my first project. And you have a few different platforms that offer them, Vimeo, few, few others out there that does. But I went the independent route and I did that and I released the Bolshe City Underground, which was a 30 minute spin-off from the City of Bolshe series I have been creating over the years. And I use a bunch of acting students. And first day to, you know, I think, you know, I probably moved the units for about 2.99 a year or something like that. But it was it was it was OK. It let me know that I had another way outside of traveling the U.S. because I did over 50 cities moving films off the trunk. Like I was massive here, some shit and and and spending just as much money on the road, selling them out to Trump as I was making. So you look up, you come back up this long ass trip that lasts over six months and you broke even. So basically all you did is just, you know, comb through the U.S., promoting yourself pretty much. And so, yeah. So from there, I started Stringside and I and I and I've kept it since 2015. I've just been, you know, putting my independent projects on it. But yet now I'm just in the mindset of going more above and beyond flooding it with a lot of content. So the majority of the stuff that that will be on it, that's on that now stuff that I produce exclusively, you know, independently, I'm sorry. And yeah, so it's been functioning. It's been functioning for now seven almost eight years in it, in it, in it to until until it's over until there's no more streaming service. So that's what's the name of it. dreamtvone.com dreamtvone.com. So I'm telling you, if you want to see some good entertainment, go over there and check out his stuff at dreamtvone.com. You know, I remember that time fucking funny, because we have another friend who's actually been in both of our films as well. As is. Oh, as is. Yeah, as is. Yeah, that little crazy motherfucker. I haven't talked to as is in a while, actually, but he was, you know, you know, you know, let me take a shit. He becomes a good guy. I remember that time because I had to sing type of thing going on, except for I shut the shit down. If I saw you, any one of my people saw you in my movie, it was a problem. I was doing flea markets. That was one of the problems. Reason why my shit didn't get out there. Because as much as she knocked the potential in that, because I'm gonna be honest, and I hate to interject, I'll be honest. I honestly and truthfully, there were guys literally getting fucked up in the streets for bootleg and votes in city one. And I had a lot of people that were disgruntled about it. And at that time, when you're fresh off an investment of spending money on a film, the last thing you do want is for people to get it everywhere but you. So that was part of my issue. Then I had to go a little deeper behind the science of what was going on. And I said, maybe I need to be worried about it. People don't want to buy it off bootleg. And that kind of stuck with me. I said, I said, what is that saying about the film? If nobody wants it, if it's if the bootleggers are not breaking their necks to try to get a hold to them, to move them as quickly as possible, whatever. I promise you, man, it got to the point where I had to really get off of my high horse about it because I was disgruntled. I was, you know, because they were doing it everywhere. I saw websites, there was one website in New York that had it in their store selling it for $25, man, a unit. And I went to the store. It's called Black Star Entertainment. It was next to in Harlem. And I went to the store and I was just, you know, just I went to his one for you. Went to Augusta, Georgia after I did my second film. And they had a poster up. They had a poster. They had a whole bootleg store, you know, in the country in the South, they do things totally different. They had a DVD house. And this is every bit of 20, I want to say, round 15, 16. And I was shocked to see that. And I came in the store. Somebody had took me to the store, one of the locals. And as soon as I walked in, the guy that owned the store, he just went to the back. You know, the guy was trying to do. He's like, yeah, y'all got this movie. And the dude just went to the back and never came out the back. So you know, he needed to speak to me. I guess he felt I was like on something different. But after experiencing that so much, I said, you know what? That's a slight little bit of admiration right there. I said, and not only that, I never paid for mass advertising or marketing or advertisement or promotion. And I said, well, maybe there's an aspect of that that's actually going to be essential to what I'm doing for years to come. And so, yeah, I got to the point. I did my lady film. I remember 2019, I said, and I hit the streets with that. I was running it on the streaming site and I hit the streets just to do some because some people, you know, impoverished areas. They still have DVD players. They still buy bootleg DVDs. And so I went to a lot of those little small towns and stuff like that. It got to the point where I was literally looking for the bootleg man. Like, here, man, I need you to give me here. Give me whatever you got here. Take this, make as many copies if you want. What I started doing was printing my streaming site on the through my edit. So if you watched it, you'll see it running at the bottom of the screen. Log on to Dream TV one if you want to see more content. So I got kind of smart with it and allowed the bootleggers to do some of that promotional work that I needed for me. And if they eat a little bit, God bless them. You know what I mean? You know, well, see, here's my thing. Fuck all that. I was in the system. I was at the flea market every week. And that's where most of the people outside. I say, I knew the game. Most of the people outside the U.S., you know, in the Midwest at the time, they come to Chicago to get the good bootlegs and they take it back to their city. So the very flea market I was in is because I met a lot of bootleggers and they were like, yeah, man, we come up here, get the movies, right, because they got the good copies. And we, you know, bounce back to our city and do it. OK, so now I know the game. So one day I was at one of the flea markets and I saw your shit. And I don't think I don't know if I had your number at the time. And I was like, hmm, I hear as is. And I'm like, yo, bro, they got both the city over here. Find out what bro want to do about it. Because, you know, I don't play that shit. I had snatched the whole motherfucking thing. Oh, hey, that's my only shit. This is my like what Tupac did in New York. Exactly, exactly. I don't play that shit. You did. I don't give a fuck. What else you did? I ain't no snitch either. You know what I'm saying? I don't give a fuck what you bootlegging. I knew bootlegging personally and they respected me. You know what I'm saying? They keep their hands off my shit. So I don't give a fuck. Well, brother, you know, you got six foot forward. I'm six six, actually. Six six. You know, six six. I could have been five foot. I don't give a damn. Six six. Darkest night. Built like a line. Oh, hell yeah. They don't want no trouble. Here's the thing. I weighed around because I was going to be there anyway. And then he hit me back on like bro said, let them get down. All right. Fine. But I was going to go. I was going to go in, fam. I don't know if you talk to you or whatever. Because I saw the other end of the game. And I see that where you saw the foresight that I didn't see was a streaming shit. But I understood that, you know, when I went on the road with the film, one, I was looking for the flea markets. That was a good setup. But also I always made money, you know, because they didn't have it. They didn't have it because I shut it down in Chicago. So in Chicago is the hub that sends it out. And I for the most part, now I didn't get everybody. We didn't find everybody. There's a couple of motherfuckers that got away with some shit. But for the most part, because they respected me and because of all that, they kept because I was basically competing with them at the different spots where they do most of their money. They just, you know, let it go, which is good. And so if I went to a space like when I went to Augusta, Georgia. Now, once I leave and I have no intentions of coming back, then I gave it to the bootlegging to say, you know, but that's in different cities far away from where I'm going to be with my shit. You know what I'm saying? So I saw the value in that not anywhere near where I'm going to sell my shit or not before I got there. It got to St. Louis before I got to St. Louis. She pissed me off. St. Louis, man. St. Louis, man. I love St. Louis, man. I love them, too. They are so supportive, man. I'm talking about my bootlegging quest. I would do barbershops, salons and small businesses with my laptop running the trailer. So I will go in. Hey, my name is Mark. So I'm making from Chicago. I'm going to take a much of your time. It's going to show you a little 30 minute clip, 30 second clip of my film for city, city to whatever it is. And I walk my way around the salon or whatever. And you know, I got that imagery with gunfire and all this here. So people are actually watching why they getting their hair done or cut or whatever. And then I'll try to make my little two diffuser. And I said, oh, yeah, before I leave, you know, if anybody wants to donate a dollar to the to the to the to the to the to the movement, we highly appreciate it. And all is it, you know, I get to give them the whole skill. Yeah, I look up, you know, I've been so simple and got some dollar donations from probably 20 some of our people in the barbershop and think about 50 to 60 barbershops or salons in each town. So I will look up at the end of the day. I would have been had been had made a decent amount of I just couldn't sit still with it and post up anyway. I did one time in Toledo, Ohio. I can't say that Toledo was another very, very supportive city. I didn't know there was that many black people that shot out to Toledo. I wound up setting up at a bar at a house. There was a this dude had a barbershop restaurant together. Barbershop and restaurant on one side. And actually his cousin is this dude, man. He just produced a two park movies from Chicago, Death Row Records. I follow him on IG. I can't think of his name right now. But yeah, so they were just excited to get some Chicago energy there. And I sat there, man. He called me like 10 o'clock at night. He said, look, man, when they leave the nightclub, they're going to be in this boy, everybody comes here and hangs out to the nightclub. So I'm like, OK, let my hotel came down there about 10, 11 o'clock. That nightclub energy came to a man when I tell you, it's some very supportive black folk in Toledo, Ohio, man. Like, it's a town full of thriving black people with small businesses. They were calling other businesses. Yeah, we got this thing here from Chicago. Y'all to see this film. And before I knew it, man, I man, it was it was beautiful. I was going to say supported me heavier than some parts of Chicago. Yep. Toledo and Madam Tyson. I went to Toledo, but I ain't go there to sell films, though. I think I saw maybe two, three films just because I was waiting for a shorty to do something and I was moving around. And I said, I just can't go to another city without putting some units in the city. But I was on some other shit. Shout out to Toledo, Ohio. You know who you are. Raw Fusion right after this. Hey, it's King B. And if you want to find an easy way to keep up with me, you can go to my website, kingbworldwide.com. That's King, the letter B, worldwide.com. There you can find links to my books, the movies, the podcast, and so much more. That's kingbworldwide.com. See you there. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need. But help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others from one dollar to one thousand. No donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please don't eat today. You can donate now at GoFundMe.com slash mental. The more our fusion still here. Marcus Brothers has been. I actually consider him a real filmmaker. And there's a lot of motherfuckers in this independent game that I honestly see when doing this, it's important to have I really have a vested interest in others doing well when you are talking to people. You see the difference. You know, if you have a distribution deal or whatever, you don't get to get the type of research and knowledge that I got. There are people who will look at you and say, yeah, well, I got this other independent film and that wasn't shit. So, yeah, I'm past, bro. And then there are others that say, yeah, man, I just got this independent movie, this hood movie, you know what I'm saying? That's all I watch. That's shit, though. Hey, man, give me that shit. You made it. Yeah, give me that shit. So it behooves us to have other filmmakers to do good movies. I hate it, you know, I just like it. You know, I'm so much glass for me and, you know, the independent filmmaking game, especially since the way streaming networks and to be, there's a lot of people claiming to be what we are. And I have a I have a real disdain for you. What's quote unquote hood movies? What they call it? I mean, that's what they want to call it. Hood films or whatever. I have a huge disdain for it, mainly because, you know, there's there's a lot of steps, a lot of these symptoms that go into calling yourself a filmmaker. You know, you're a filmmaker by profession, you're a filmmaker by, I mean, there's that's an especially an independent filmmaker. We have it harder for harder than the guys that are actually in the industry and getting this, you know, shitload of, you know, money. They don't work as half as hard as we actually work, you know, doing payroll for actors, locations, script writing, script development, post-production. It's just so much you find yourself doing when you're truly invested in it, you know, from an independent standpoint. And I get so many messages from people that claim to aspire to do it, but they're not willing to really, you know, do the work. It's a lot of stuff going on. Like so many people are running, running around with cameras and DSLRs now doing film and, you know, it's cool. It's cool, you know, but the half-assed approach to to doing it is that so many people are just doing it to be known. They want a level of fame and recognition. They're not trying to build actual careers, which is the reason why I don't respect the emergence of these. I don't even know what to call them, bro. I can't even call them filmmakers. You know, seriously, I can't. And then it's like with this wave of Internet activity, skits and things of that nature, everybody is so fame and cloud driven for likes, everybody wants to be known for being something that we've spent our whole life, you know, building by profession. And technology has helped do it. To me, it's a total black eye. And it totally aiming. I feel like I feel attacked in such a way, man. I'm not going to lie because I feel like my hard work in my decades of just being in the industry functioning as a professional. It's being debunked now with the way this bullshit is being manufactured at a very heavy rate. I look at film and I dissect. You can tell how much people are passionate and how much work they really do when you look at the finished product. When you look at the storyline, you know, and so on and so forth. And I have to ask a lot of people, and I didn't even do that with my students that I teach, why do you want to do this? Why? What is your reason for wanting to be in the film that I'm producing? Nobody can give me a logical explanation. I heard so much street shit, so many street with you because, you know, in my hood, you know, everybody know me, man, you know, I got personality, man, you know, bitch, you know, I got other shit going on, but I'm like, why do you want to do this? And why if you got so much shit going on, why is it important that Marcus Carruthers places you in the film? They can't give me nothing. And a lot of times it shows up. I've gambled on quite a few people that just wanted to be in the film and they got on my set and they totally fucked my script up. And I did it as a favor and I'm not going to say no names, but it was really some of the most disrespectful shit when I put my heart. I'm writing a script right now. I put my heart on time and dedication into writing development. I make sure my preproduction is as top tier as I can get. And I spread myself then doing it sometimes, you know, how hard it is to grab props and locations and things of that nature. That's a whole nother aspect that sometimes we have to do that shit on our own because we're doing things on these certain budget, you know, these strain budgets. And then you have people that just want to tap dance over your shit just so they can say, oh, look at me. I was in the movie or they claim to want to be filmmakers. I had a few people that played in my films that were talking like, yeah, man, you know, we putting together a movie and all this. I say good luck. Good luck, man. You know, good luck with it because I'll be honest, as hard as I know, most micro budget filmmakers work to put. I wouldn't advise nobody. I can't even give anybody advice on why you should be a filmmaker because especially if you don't have investment dollars, we'll find the answer backing because the amount of work, the relationships and the solitude that you're going to have to be in just to make this shit work. That's a total it's a total life changing process. Act yourself if you really built for it first for real. I mean, I know this is by experience. I sacrifice my personal life to do this shit. So and that's because I know this is lined up with, you know, my calling and what I'm supposed to do. But you have so many YouTube did that, too. Everybody wants to make some quick and put it on YouTube. And and that's as far as they want to go with it. I'm like, why are you wasting your fucking time, bro? You know, and that's just me. I feel you. And to a certain extent, I agree. To a certain extent, I don't. And there's the thing. The problem with technology is everybody can once it becomes available or more accessible, everybody gets their hands on it. And if you're not going to take this shit seriously, then I'm 100 percent with you. But for the others that are going to take it seriously and never had to budget the films that I've done, you know, and I don't mind saying it. I haven't spent five thousand dollars yet in five movies. I haven't spent five thousand. But that means I do most of the work. I'm behind the camera. If I'm not in the shot, the camera's in my hand. Not if I'm what does that say? You're about you equate your work ethic and you put a value on that on top of that five thousand. OK, you probably spent about a hundred thousand dollars. Probably, because, you know, yeah. But yeah, if I'm not in that shot, fuck the scene. I could be in a scene. But if I'm not in that shot, I'm most likely with the camera in my hand. I'm doing the editing. I've done some of the music. Like, you know, you know, it's, you know, it's a lot of a lot of work. But there's a passion that I have to tell stories. And that's why when I get ready to announce everybody else gets it, aren't you so excited? No, damn it. I know what's coming. And this is this shit is about to, you know, I got to focus. I'll let y'all get excited. This shit is not, you know, what you think it was. And that's the reason why when I was at PBS, a lot of people couldn't figure out how I could leave TV. Yo, I had no life, fam. You know what I'm saying? Like you got to understand how intense that is when you have that deadline. That's the reason why I love film more because you can set a deadline, but it's not concrete unless you paid money for the theater. So you can always move that back when you're on TV. They give you a slot and you need to have the show done by that time. Period. There's no war. It's just how to show that. And so, you know, it's I want to, you know, my question to you is because I know you're saying you're five thousand dollar budgets that you, you know, that you put forth in the projects. Now, I've seen you hire a lot of a lot of actors. Some people are, you know, I know and you never had to disgruntled energy from producer to film. You know, sometimes you get those actors when you shoot micro that want to come and they'll they'll work for free. Then you have those that feel entitled to whatever it is they feel they work. And that's, you know, and that's cool. I get it because I'm an actor first before any of the some I'm an actor. How do you manage to appease people, especially when you put a film out and be all, yeah, I see you in the film and all this here, yada, yada, yada. And and you get that energy like I've always got the energy to where as I produce a film, every time I produce a film, it becomes like the talk of so many social groups or whatever. And actors feel extremely entitled to some more than they're compensated at times. And I've had been dealing with that energy since my very, very first film. And so I'm I'm like I'm marveling at the fact that you were able to produce films like that on a budget and not deal with the disgruntled energy of entitlement that comes from because actors are very egotistical. And that's just who they are, you know, naturally, especially the good ones. You know, you're going to get that. That's who I was until I started directing. So I understand it for me. I'm an asshole. I say it all the time. I'm an asshole. One thing about me is this. The film is going to get done. And then I'm going to bust my ass. I never got paid for making a movie. I always pay that way. I got paid because I got up at seven o'clock every Saturday and Sunday for going my weekend because you can't you can't go out. I mean, I tattooed some some industry events you just can't say no to. So I go out sometimes. But most for the most part, when I'm selling, I don't have a weekend. Friday night, I'm preparing for Saturday morning to be on my feet from seven to three p.m. And then I'm so damn tired after that I'm going home and going to sleep. So I ain't no Saturday night party again, unless it's one of those industry events you really need to be at. And then to get up again, Sunday and do the same shit again. And I did that for five years. That has nothing to do with going on the road. I got paid because of my ability to sell the film, not because I made one, because I could have made one and just sat this ass down there and it wouldn't have made money if I didn't get my ass out there and do it. So I had one person and my first film and they acted up and I got rid of their ass. So I did one thing. And here's the thing, actors never piss off the director, who's also the writer because all it took was I don't want to replace this person. But if I did, how would I do it? And then I came up with this ingenious idea. I only had to add like a couple of lines. I could keep the shit that we did. And I just bought someone else in and a lot of these people are my friends. Number one. And we became friends through the industry. So I knew no one when I first got in the industry. That's the number one. Number two, a shout out to the rest in peace. Herb Kent, I can't tell you how important it is to have someone that's known in the film. And that actually came through because I had my show on on PBS and a publicist, actually. I don't remember if they reached out to me or I reached out to them. However it went, they set up the interview with Herb Kent and he went. He went to he was at V103, I believe, at the time. So I went down there, did an interview with him. And he actually saw the shit on Channel 11 in Chicago. And he I ran into him again. I didn't do the groupie shit. I didn't get his number or anything that very professional. But I ran into him at Sam's Club off off chance. And I was like, yeah, did you see the show? He was like, yeah, man, you know, I like how you did that. But you put me in there with the soap opera because I had to soap opera temptations is where the the book comes from. Confessions of a dead man that you can get right now on Amazon, by the way. Shameless plug. So he was like, anytime you need some acting, let me know. And I want to do it, you know, worry about the money. And that's what it is. I got people who really weren't worried about the money. They were more concerned about the content and being a part of good shit. And so I did that. I pulled the card in my first film. And so when that happened, then Leon Rogers saw it was a good thing that the other one fucked up because the person I replaced him with was J. Marie, who actually ended up doing VH one later. Good friend of mine. We had been friends for years. So it was just a matter of, yo, I need you to come do this project. All right, cool. You know what I'm saying? So and so she so Leon Rogers saw the trailer saw her and J. Marie is like and reached out to me and was like, yo, man, I ain't worried about none of this other shit. I'm getting money. You know what I'm saying? I want to be part of some good shit. So then I went down there and then when I did that, Tony Shag was there. And so then I made connection with them, put them in root. See what I'm saying? And then by the time I got done, everybody just about in Chicago at that time has done something wanted to do my films. And I'm still you have you worked with a lot of you worked with a lot of Chicago legends. Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah. So I mean, it was that. And then the fact I'm not going to play, I don't give a shit who you are. I had one other person do that and I'm not going to call his name. He's a rapper. And when I got done with the film, see, this is the thing. Someone else reached out to me that was supposed to be representing them and said, yo, can we get such and such in your movie? Again, people was getting money. They're not really worried about it. And so I ended up going to the studio or getting ready to shoot. I got Shag with me. Shag's going to going to be a part of the the scene. And he's in the film by just there's a shadow, an extra shadow that I put to put to get him out of it. Here's the thing. He I went to the studio. He tried to play Hollywood. Yeah, man. So we supposed to be doing some movie, you know, seeing what. But OK, all right. Well, you know, and he told me about it. But you know, I said, all right, I'll tell you what. And I had already done a trailer for it. I was promoting even when we hadn't finished the film. I said, I tell you what, why don't you go watch this trailer? You let me know. He he he looked at the shit. Let me see what you talking about. He looked at online. His mouth dropped. You're going to shoot this movie right now. Yeah, that's what we're going to go do. Yeah, I can be in this shit. Yeah. Hey, man, shut this whole shit down. Hey, man, we do this shit another motherfucking time. Gee, hey, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. He came and did it, right? So then he had a motherfucker from Atlanta that was also supposed to be representing him. This motherfucker from Atlanta called and was like, yeah, well, we need that. I said, you know what? No. And not only that, we did it outside. So I really don't need your permission to use the footage. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to do your favor. I'm going to block his. So you're not going to be able to see him. And I'm still using the fucking footage. This is after we shot the shit. And so you're not going to see his face and no one knows it because there's an actual reason why there's a shadow there. And this is a certain scene. And if I tell you the scene, you'll know who it is. Well, no, you wouldn't know who it is because he's blocked out. But anyway, there's a scene where he hits the guy with a shovel and there's a pillar right in front of him. So I just increased the shadow before I did that. You could see him. But when I did it, it just made sense that there was a shadow there and did it digitally. Then the other producer once they seen the film, man, he wanted to be in the film, man. Can you just know, fam? First of all, I got other motherfuckers in there that is well known as well. And I don't need him to promote my movie. So no, he's not going. I'm not going to go back in there and redo my shit again. He just missed out next time. Quick front. I'm an asshole. And that came from being an actor because when I got in the game, people are not fit to fucking play with you. Look, this shit's going on whether you do it or not. So do you want to be a part of it or not? That's the only fucking questions we need to know. And that's how it is that the industry was introduced to me. And so I learned that. And so, yo, the shit's going on, whether you're in it or not, are you going to be here and do the shit or not? Now, the other flip side of it is very respectful of their time. I'm trying to get it done as soon as possible to let them get back to doing what they do and making their money. They have some extra time sitting around. They want to do something creative. And when you come to my set, we have a lot of fucking fun. As much as I'm an asshole, everybody has fun on my film. And so at the end of the day, we end up kicking it, basically. And we've got a film done before you know it. And that's been that's been the key to Secret Sauce. So now when I do films, people want to be in my film. Matter of fact, they're mad at me. I had Little Red was mad at me. He said, I'd fuck you got hot sauce. He ain't even from Chicago in the movie. And I'm not in it. You know what I'm saying? And I'm from the shot. We were doing the setup with crucial conflict. I directed that and because of the relationship that I had with crucial and Malik Yusef and what was going to be. And I had promised him he could be in it, but we never finished that project. And so I said, hey, man, come on, do the sequel to Roots. You know what I'm saying? Because he was mad. He's like, man, you told me we was going to do this, the other shit. OK, fam, but listen, we never finished it. Hell, I was supposed to be in it. We never finished the shit. But what I can't, it wasn't my shit to finish all the way. I was directing it, but it still was. It was crucial, basically, you know. And so I like, yo, but I'm doing sequel to my movie come through. And he did. So I mean, you know, I was blessed to have different people. And I also was blessed for being an asshole and just saying, hey, either you're with it or you're not. And there's no disrespect if you're not with it. But if you are with it, you need to do this because, you know, at the end of the day, I'm still not just some regular motherfucker. I've already had a TV show on a broadcast network. So there's some kind of respect you're going to have to give me. I'm not new to that. You know what I'm saying? So kind of how I did it. That's wrong, man. You work with a lot of Chicago legends and a lot of them I truly admire, especially like Leon Rogers, Tony Shag, I remember that rain. And yeah, I haven't yet to, you know, I don't work with. I haven't worked with many people in the entertainment community in Chicago outside of developing talent. Everybody pretty much, you know, that did movies with me. A lot of them it was a first time out. Now my brand is more so around more diverse cast members. Some of them have representation there in the industry and all. And they're just down for the projects because they feel they'll be good quality projects when they're done. But I love working with aspiring talent. Yeah, I'm like teaching, you know, helping them develop and I can't deal with egos, that's the main thing. Absolutely cannot. I cannot absolutely cannot work with any ego that feels that they're bigger than the project I'm producing. I've had those things happen. Yeah, I made sure I got rid of those problems quick. Yeah, and that's what you got to do. Let me be clear to you. It was only that one that pulled that shit. And after they saw the work, they never came back to me with no bullshit. That's no, there's only one that's really, really known to pull that shit. The other one who did it in the beginning when I first did my first film, which people don't know because they were released differently, intimate friends, which is going crazy right now. And to be intimate friends, there was one, but they weren't known and I'm like, you're either going to do it or you're not. And you have that, you have that right to not do it. That's fine. I'm going to find someone else. It's not hard for me to get someone else, but it is what it is. We got to take a break. There's some more bills. We'll be back more right here. We're on fusion after this. Behind many smiles lie a troubling truth. So many people are suffering alone simply because they are too afraid of the stigma associated with mental illness. The road to mental health has no color. It has no age or gender. It's time we take the bull by the horns. It's time we remove the stigma and embrace acceptance to release people from their private prisons and give them the help that they need. It could be your relative, your friend, your loved one. It could be you and you don't even know it. It's time to help those in need. But help starts with you. With an acclaimed broadcast television and independent filmmaker at the helm, we are creating a documentary. This documentary will identify the signs, explore the possibilities, help remove the stigma and clear the path to mental health. By donating, you will help us help others from one dollar to one thousand, no donations too small. Let's band together to fight this secret enemy that affects us all. Please don't eat today. You can donate now at cofundme.com slash mental. My heart pumps not once or twice within the same beat. I just have to like a variety of partners. I'm not about to go to some funky club to get on some funky dance board to dance with some funky man. Give me one good reason why we shouldn't join them. It can ruin our friendship. I think so. It doesn't feel right. I know what you do with these women. That has everything to do with it. The lines have been drawn. The question is in the end. Should I should I not get intimate with my close friend? I'm going to shave you. I already had a shave. Now where I'm going to shave? Oh, no. Watch King B's Intimate Friends streaming now for free on 2B. Outside of the U.S. Then watch King B's Intimate Friends for free on Plex Raw Fusion. I'm in 100% agreeance with you when it comes to what we can do. And that's the reason why after doing the sequel to Roots, I decided that I wanted to lay off of that. I kind of got pulled back into that. That dinner with hate love, but that's because the other film that I was going to do long story, I was going to do a cop film and well, that kind of ended. I struggled to find something to do. So I did something loosely based on my life just because I wanted to shoot at that time. And the film I wanted to do was being looked at by some other people to produce, which means I couldn't do it at the time. If I was going to allow them to do it at long story anyway. But my first film was intimate friends, love story, no guns. Then we did the penis dialogues, no guns. And it was Roots was actually my third film. And I believe that I tell people the easiest films to do that can get attention are church movies, gangster movies and possibly love stories. And I haven't done a church film yet. But the gangster film I've done, the, you know, love story I've actually done. Now you start getting to these other things and the budget starts to get inflated. You want to do a superhero movie or sci-fi sometimes. Now it's getting a little better because, you know, we've gotten to a place where the consumer visual effects, you can actually get some of these things done if you put the time in and work right. But back then that shit did not exist for people who are on the level, the underground level that we were in. And I'm like, yo, we need to, I'm set the same shit. Challenge yourself. That's the reason why I did not do Roots 3 right away. It's time to challenge ourselves to do something different. We can always come back to this gangstership. It's always going to be there. It's always going to sell. You get some real guns, pop guns, whatever guns go out there, shoot it is going to, it's going to get attention if you do it right. And it's going to be out there. Oh, saturated, man. It's just, you know, it's like, you know, I, man, I, you know, my respect, man, no major respect to the singletons. They getting the money for a reason, you know, they getting the bag for a reason, you know, even, you know, with the new emergence of a lot of other black filmmakers as well, Kugler and, you know, so many others, man, that may have started out doing some street genre, but allowed themselves to be real creators and evolve with some else. You know, everybody else is just telling the same story over and over again. And I, and I say it a thousand times. My position on speaking about, you know, film, this is what I love. This is what I've been doing all my life. This is what I've been a student of. And my perspective is not going to be the popular perspective. It's not. And that's just what it is because this is my true profession. This is what I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on. I can even say tens of thousands, but I've invested my life in and all of this, and especially the amount of work that I'm still doing in the city of Chicago with my people, man, students that come and travel to my class that ain't even from Chicago, it's just that they were inspired and impacted from, you know, the whole Vulture City energy, which I've never glorified any street shit in any of my films. They've been about the street, but even, you know, part one, 99.9 percent, that's about my mother's heroin addiction, a suicidal, you know, elements of suicide that haunted her, you know, me struggling with insecurities as a young black man, have it coming from a fatherless household and the reason why I became a part of the gangsters side of the street and that's what I mean when I talk about pioneering something authentic and true 99.9 percent of my life. I didn't have to fabricate that story, but it inspired people in such a way because it showed the cause and effect. I wound up doing seven and a half years in prison behind everything that took place in that film. That's that's like my real, that's not life. That's my real life. And so that's why I hold a position and I know so many people have, and I'll say it again, have tried to, you know, through inspiration and you know, people, you know, all the stuff being inspired in different ways. But I'm one person, whereas there's one thing and one area in my life, I'm the most modest person you could ever want to meet. But when it comes down to this shit here, this filmmaking shit, you know, this reason why you got me on this on your podcast and conversation, you know, type shit. This right here, this is the one thing that I'm extremely confident about. And as it should be, by the way. Yeah, exactly. And I'm to the point where it can come across any type of way. I could stand toe to toe and have these conversations and really stand on my shit when it comes down to directing, producing, writing and acting from art form. And you know, just coming up from you look at your favorite people that are in music that we admire so much. You know, I mean, I love some eighties music, the princes, Michael Jackson's man, you know, Marvin Gates, you know, none of them guys were humble man in their position when it came out of what they did that they they had to believe that they were bad motherfuckers, man. And Michael Jackson even made a song about the belief that was these bad motherfuckers in order to be successful. You can only, you know, take the humble by humble power approach, you know, so much when it comes down to this. And it can be offensive to people. You know, that's fine. You know what I mean when it comes down if I had to choose between making friends and being extra challenging myself to be extra successful in this, I would choose being extra successful and a little bit pompous about this than I would anything else. And that's just from the time and the work that I've invested in. So the same thing when we go to sports, you know, Michael Jordan is the greatest, right? I mean, we just argue that he's the goat, right? And we can say the same about LeBron. We can argue that Michael Jordan was not. We can say you say what we can't say the same about LeBron. We can say Michael Jordan was great argument, but these guys are not humble guys, man. Not supposed to be Michael Jordan was the most shit talking arrogant motherfucker you ever wanted to meet man, playing, you know, dribbling the ball. You don't mean he didn't like to be compared to nobody. And when that game, James, it came about the reason why he don't really fuck with LeBron James, you know what I mean? Because this is a dude that's trying to come for me. He's trying to break all my motherfucking records and they try to, you know, the media is talking about he's the goat, you know what I mean? When I'm I'm busting 63 man and working my ass off Kobe was another arrogant motherfucker. So this is just part of the nature. You talked about competition early in our conversation. And it's cool to have that energy on us, you know what I mean? This is if that's what pushes you to be great, then guess what, man, embrace that shit, you know, and fuck with the fans, man, because I'm that dude. I feel the exact same way, you know, but I, you know, my personal life streamed extreme humility. You know what I mean? Love and brace all that, you know what I mean? Listen, we know each other. I don't I mean, we haven't kicked it that motherfucking hard. But I mean, we've had conversations we've been cool and at some point, first of all, my real friends, I don't talk too much. I'll just be honest with you. I got real friends like brothers and I'm doing so much shit. I don't talk to them as much as I should. So that's number one. So it's not slight or anything or anyone. They know I'm going to talk to them maybe once a month if that, but it's all love when we get together. I really have a lot of shit going on, but and even in that, I like my quiet personal time. I'm actually more of a loner than anything. So yeah. And plus, you know, I'm writing anyway, but here's this thing. I don't bring people that I don't fuck with and you're supposed to be when I start talking my shit. You're going to think I'm cocky as fuck, too, because the truth of the matter is ain't nobody fucking with me. We still have one of those days, man. You know what I mean? Like, let's talk shit. Man, whatever you doing, man. And, you know, just take back and just talk some shit, man. I promise you, man, I'm my I admire. I've seen, man, you know, juggernauts in the same industry do this, man, and laugh while they doing it. You know, yeah, I was just in reference to basketball, man. Every time Michael Jordan see magic, man, you tell him like, man, I bust your ass. We get on the court right now. Go on one type shit. You know what I mean? Like, you know, it's it's it's all fun and loving it because it is. We are doing what we love and and we're pushing each other whether we know it or not. You know what I mean? Like, you know, can be can drop something. Can be right now can get a multimillion dollar deal. Guess what? Guess what Marcus brothers gonna say? Man, I got to get a multimillion dollar deal, man. Man, I'm trying to say that, bro. I know you are like, man, we only get one life, one shot at this shit, man. So, you know, it's just what it is, man. Like it's all about going for the gusto, pushing each other, man, or whatever you can find motivation in, then do it. But just know at the end of the day in order to do what you're doing, King B, you have to wake up in the morning and in times you have to tell like, man, I'm a bad motherfucker. Your confidence has to be on a hundred man to do the shit that you do. And if you were just two motherfucking modest and meek and mild and all that, man, you'll probably take this shit, you'll probably cruise your way through this shit and never get nothing done. I believe so, you know, yeah, man, that's we're going to do it, man. And and I actually want to be when I start getting back out in these streets, I actually want to want to be in something that you do right. And that's because I like that as well. And then I'm not afraid of you, motherfucker. You don't come in and do one of my motherfucking movies. Now, I don't give a shit. I don't give a fuck because because I'm the dope. I'm the dopest ever did this shit. So I don't give a damn. Even if I stumble on the lines, it's going to be better than the shit that was out there. Man, I'm going to make it even better than the shit you thought it was going to be. You let me know, man, when you get so help back to a hundred percent or just enough to, you know, get back and you feel camera ready and all that. I'm working all year, man. You know, I moved to Chicago, bro, from the mountains, the beautiful mountains on the batter, got me a crib over in our park just so I can sit still and do every production that I wrote through the pandemic. So I'm here for the next nine, 10 months at least. So with you, you ready? Even if even if even if we got to get on a flight, we don't I just want to see was, you know, it's about time that we actually work together and make some shit happen. And even more, even behind the scenes of some shit, I've been I've been thinking, kicking around the thing about doing streaming and stuff like that, too. I'm just enjoying the checks as to the having to put the whole business thing together. But I mean, there are things and we have to learn how to come together and make shit happen, man. And that's one of the reasons why I wanted to have you on a podcast. There is no beef here. I think you are a tremendous filmmaker. You're not better than me, but you're you're good. And you don't be all right. And you better talk to your shit, man. You better talk to your shit, G. And I fuck with you. And that's the reason why I wanted you to have you on this podcast. The shit is running long, longer than normal, but that's that's what happens with you are just get together. But you got them gaps in them years, man, you know, I'm I'm long winded, man. So next time you decide to have me on some shit, man, you got to fix your breakfast, lunch, and you know, I may have all your shit laid out, man. That's all good. All right. And I fuck with you, man. I appreciate you guys. I appreciate you for being through and I wanted to show this that, you know, two brothers can be in the same lane and still fuck with each other and not just make it talk to many people, especially in the industry, but especially in Chicago, it's talk. Yeah, man, I fuck with you. But when it comes down to the rubber in the road, are you actually fucking with each other? Are you just saying the shit? And this is, you know, just one of many, like the first step of many of us trying, hopefully, collaborating in the future. And regardless, I'm still going to be watching, checking your shit out. And same here, same here. So for sure, man, channel. I just want to be up on my laptop, which I don't use to do because of my old film, Bruce's Place is streaming on to be right now, man. The episode where I start with Oprah, man, check it out, bro. It's on there right now. Bruce's Place is on fishing. Yeah, I'm going to check it out. Check it out. So I'm going to take yours out as well. Let's get it, man. Appreciate you. Appreciate you. Take care, bro. It's time to talk some shit with King B. King B's Raw Fusion podcast brought to you by King B's Hate Love. Now streaming for free on Tubi well, it's time. It's time for us to stop hating. It's time for us to stop fighting. It's time for us to stop not supporting if you truly believe in what you do and your talents that you have, that you have no problem supporting and celebrating other people, even if what they do is the same as you. Because when you're truly confident, you know that your place in the situation should be secure. But then again, if you're insecure, if you are weak, if you know deep down inside your fraud, you're not that talented, not that great, not that special after all. Man, I guess you would keep hating on people and not supporting them. Who are you? I'm King B. And this is Raw Fusion. Raw Fusion.