This, ladies, is the reason why you are still single. Raw Fusion. Welcome to the King B.'s Raw Fusion Podcast. I've been watching a lot of videos when I tell you that TikTok is a treasure trove of insanity. It definitely is. There are a lot of people talking about this subject. They are making a lot of money. This gives me pause. And it gives me pause because whenever there's a motivation for money, sometimes the resulting comments can be purely for entertainment purposes or going viral or the ability to generate revenue. So people can become very disingenuous. With that being said, I think some people believe the silly stuff that they are saying. And that's sad. And some people like to get people together so they can have an argument to go viral. Some of that is sad, too. Because at the end of the day, there are people watching this. There are young people watching this. There are old people watching this. There are highly influenced people who are watching this or at least influence both. That's why the title of influencer is very, very accurate. And their job is to influence you to a certain opinion. And with being influenced to a certain opinion, brands and other factions see that as prime for manipulation. And therefore, a lot of ideas and ideals and silliness gets passed around because some people are easily influenced. It generates real world consequences. With that being said, there have been billion-dollar industries and billion-dollar careers that have been spawned from simply lying to women, making them feel good and not giving them the truth. It's kind of like planting seeds. You plant seeds in the ground and they start to grow. And even if you take the fruit off of those trees, at some point, it keeps going and going again. And it might actually spawn over two different areas. Soon, there's a whole ecosystem all by itself. And this is much like what we're seeing today. Now, a lot of people want to blame the internet, but the internet is not really the true culprit. These feminist ideals have been going back to the 70s, 80s, maybe even beyond. Feminism and your sisterhood is what's keeping you single. And instead of getting on and trying to be argumentative and cruel and nasty just to go viral, I would like to break down these concepts that we've been hearing in a different way. A way that is direct and sometimes the truth can hurt sometimes. But at the end of the day, I believe that it can be beneficial if you understand fully what's going on. The problem with feminism as it is constructed today is that it is designed for women to be alone. It is not designed for you to get a mate if you are heterosexual. And even today, you can see that even if you're homosexual as a female, it is maybe not designed that way, but the end result is even that's becoming an issue. See, when any ideology tells you to ignore the desires of the people you're trying to attract sounds kind of dumb. Let me put it to you this way. If you are a restaurant, right, and you want to get customers, let's say the customers in that area like steak and you are a Chitlin's restaurant and every day people come in and they say they want steak and you say, no, you're not going to get steak. We like making Chitlins and you're going to get Chitlins. What would you do as a customer? You would go somewhere where you can eat what you want to pay for and if you are an intelligent restaurant, first of all, you don't open up a Chitlin's restaurant in a place that only eats steak, but even if you wanted to try to convert people into eating Chitlins and you open up the restaurant, you have choices. Continue to seek money and resources down the drain, trying to convince people that Chitlins are better than steak or you close down or you can start cooking steak and give the people what they want. Well, that same logic in mind. When you're talking about relationships, modern feminism tells you it doesn't matter what the men think. It's all about what a woman thinks. And just like that Chitlin restaurant, what you are serving men is full of shit. See, you will have these women saying, well, men aren't like they used to and they're not doing what men used to die for women and men used to give effort for women and men just used to be different and these men are worse. Well, women used to be different. Women used to give effort. Women used to be an asset to men and you women are different. You expect to be treated like women of the old were without being like the women of old. And only feminism, stupid feminism, modern feminism makes you feel like that's possible. But if you think about it logically, you have stated that you don't want to be in the kitchen like your mother's. You have stated you don't want to feel like, quote unquote, a slave like your mother's. You have downplayed and denigrated the very lineage of women that came before you and what they did. And yet you expect the men to give you those traditions. Not understanding that this was a reciprocal process. And if they acted like wild banshees like you want to act, they would be in the same situation that you were in. Matter of fact, you probably wouldn't even exist right now. They wouldn't have gotten along well enough to make you exist. Feminism will tell you you don't want to be a slave to a man. Feminism will tell you it's all about you and what you want. Feminism have told you you should only seek what you want and only what you want matters. You think that men are just going to sit back and say, yep, okay, well, men are showing you that no, feminism is wrong. We are not that stupid. And the only ones that are stupid are the ones that are following this feminism. And this is the reason why you are not getting the results that your ancestral women got. Ain't nobody dying for you and you acting like a wild banshee. Ain't nobody dying for you and it's all about you. Nobody wants to marry that crap. They don't even want to be around there for a long time. Much less, marry it. Feminism tells you that your past doesn't matter. Feminism tells you that you can go out there and have your whole phase. And then at the end of it, some big, righteous, wonderful guys going to be there waiting for you to stop being a hoe and turn you into a housewife. Not saying it couldn't happen, but it's highly unlikely. Feminism has been lying to you for a buck. Feminism has you on these single shows and not realizing that the only way they continue to make money is if they keep you single. If you get married, they'd have to switch up their whole game. See, I don't have to. I do film. I do movies. I can go back to doing movies at any time I want to still be able to bring in revenue. But if you build your basis on singles, the moment everyone gets married, you have to switch it up. I just go back to doing what I do anyway. It's nonsensical. You want to come at pick-me's. Well, I'll tell you what, give me a pick-me every day of the week and twice on Sunday, then you and your feminist bull shit. The pick-me's are winning. The feminists are losing. And it continues to go that way because they give you promises of you can have it all. And time after time after time, even though they keep saying it, they're giving you example after example after example that you cannot have it all. You cannot have a man that you give zero effort to. And you think he's going to marry you and be rich and give you grapes and rub your feet and all that crap. No, well, you're going to have to do some stuff too. You need to be a pick-me. And the truth of the matter is I don't even, that pick-me thing is skewed. The ones you call pick-me's are doing it the right way. The actual pick-me's are you because after you get through acting like a foolish feminist, you have to get butt naked, everything hanging out, become a hoe. All this to get attention and you still ain't got a man. But on all of that special effects makeup, you still ain't got a man. Getting your girl circles and laugh and clown and play and act a fool. And you still ain't got a man. You go to these singles events and it's mostly women. And here's the kick apart. Even the few men that's there, they'll come in. Even the ones that the men actually talk to still don't have a man. You need to go and look at how many of these people that have adhered to this feminist BS and actually come away with a man. If that's what you want, like a husband to definitely be part husband. Otherwise, stop listening to them because they're only giving you this to keep you spending money with them. Get all the wigs. Do you know how much money you can save in the businesses that you can open without those wigs, without all that makeup, without all the traveling? All these things are compensations for insecurities that you have. If you really thought you was the finest thing smoking, you wouldn't need a pound of makeup in order to present yourself. If you really thought you were the hottest thing smoking, you really wouldn't need all the wigs. You could wear your natural hair and still be bad. You wouldn't need a BBL. You wouldn't need the breast augmentation. You wouldn't need all of that. It's all stemming from women and feminists exploiting for monetary gain your insecurities. And then when it doesn't work, blame men. And that way they can keep exploiting your insecurities. Instead of you realizing that they're just there to exploit and take money from you, they're scamming you, you don't realize that. And to divert you from the fact that their methodologies and ideologies do not work in a way that will get you a man, they divert your attention and say, well, it's just men's fault. See, they're the problem. And you're so gullible, you take that up and run with it and not realizing that everything you do is showing that you are the real one jumping up and down saying, pick me. Raw Fusion. They've done a number on you. If you stop with the wigs, if you stop with the makeup, if you stop with all of these things that, by the way, most men say that they really don't, either don't care about or don't even like. And if you counted up all that money you'd save, if you just listened to the man, become more natural. You know how much money you'd save, how much better in position you'd be. If you stop looking on Instagram and taking a trip over the other weekend because you got to hang out with your girlfriends instead of being with your man because you can't get a man or keep a man interested long enough for him to want to marry you. So now you have to go on with your girlfriends and still looking your girlfriend up in the face every day in the same spot. You guys got to go on vacation. See, there's context and layers to what you see on this Instagram thing in order to take talks. Because you're bored, you got to go find something to do, which means you end up spending your money on these trips. You end up spending your money on these restaurants so that you can take a picture and look like you're doing something. One of the truest things I can tell you is that the ones that are single and lonely, these are the ones that are out there knowing this the most, nine times out of 10. Some of this really influences and that's their business, right? But they probably would rather be up under their man. And this is the reason why you don't even have as much pushback as you should, is because those who are living their life and enjoying their lovely relationship with their man, those picmings, they're not wasting their time on Instagram all day because they're out actually enjoying their life. It's only the fake ones out there trying to manufacture the look of someone who is enjoying their life, who has the time to do all of that again, unless that's their primary source of income. And even then, a lot of them are single and lonely. So a trick back and you're falling for it. Time after time after time again. And all it takes is someone to go on one of these shows and say, oh, you keep talking about how much money you make. How much money are you making on lying to women and keep having them come on your shows and giving them hope that if they just stop being a whole now, if they cover up a little bit now, if they pretend like they wouldn't hold a whole life, one of the biggest things. They'll say, you're single, you're not accountable to anybody so you can do whatever you wanna do, which is true. But when they start talking about what men look for, you are operating as a woman that will stay single forever. You're talking about manifesting that's going with the belief system, right? And if you believe you are going to be a wife and you want to be a faithful wife and you wanna give something to your husband that you can be proud of, then you will behave like that even before you get the husband, even while you are at the dating stage, you will be mindful and you won't be going out there in your whole phase. But the simple fact that you are going around being a whole or in your whole phase while you are single is saying to the universe that you wanna be single for life. Knowing that men don't want that, then you are saying screw that and you are operating like someone who wants to be single for life. And I'm telling you that this time after time after time, men have said they don't want that. And the type of men that you want, the go-getters, they're gonna get what they want, you have just made yourself what they don't want. So the man that you want, you have effectively made yourself out of contention for that man. Especially if he has a lot of suitors as they constantly say on these single shows, you're going after the percentage of men that a lot of women want. Why is it gonna pick you in your whole phase just after your whole phase, whatever the silliness that they talk about? Why would he wanna pick you if he has so many more options? To me, it seems like he would pick the option of the woman who acted when she was single like she was going to be married, like she wanted to be married and her present to her future husband was to abstain, was to cover up, was to be the woman that he would want even before he found her. But what about the man, what about the man? We're talking about you getting married. There is a distinction, a clear distinction. Women look at things differently than men do. If you walk into a room on the arm of a man who has blown the back out of every single woman in that room and you know it, the woman will walk in, every woman in that room knows that she's getting her back blown out like he used to do them. They're envious of that woman because they know that he's doing that to her every night, presumably for life. That's a flex for that woman. She beat out all of y'all, men on the contrary. He walks into a room and he knows every man in that room, his wife them busted open for. The men are laughing at them, like we got it for free and you had to lock it down. She was nasty for me in a way that you sure you getting all that nastiness? She did a lot of things to be homie. You may not even be getting all of that. You had to lock it down to get it. We got it without it. It's a different dynamic. It's a different way of looking at things. You can say whether it's right or wrong or indifferent. At the end of the day, it's truthful, it's reality. Feminism sends you into fantasy and keeps you alone. A reality and looking at the reality will show you the direct path to being married and getting the man that you want or at least giving you a much better chance at getting what you want. Who are to those who you say are pick-me-s? Hey, eve think that a lot of women feel like men diminish their accomplishments. And that's why so many women get triggered when you say these type of things. But to understand where the man is coming from and what he desires, you will then understand his position. And the reason why he'd be settling for you, this is the other way around. When you come into a situation in which you're making over $100,000 a year or whatever, and you're successful, financially successful, should I say? Because there are a lot of people who are socially and personality wise, very in-depth and very much a failure. But are still financially successful. It may have taken you a while to amass your money. So now you come into a situation where you have children or not, you're older, you're degreed, and you have assets, right? And you think that these are accomplishments and they are. You don't want those accomplishments diminished because you put a lot of work into it. And I totally get it and understand that. It's still not what a man typically values. And that's why these value conversations are very convoluted. Because you have him taking the time to understand what men want and what men are attracted to, you hang around the sisterhood and they conform you into someone that they seem as attractive, right? And by doing so and not consulting with men or whether they think it's attractive, you alienate yourself from the very people that you want to be in a relationship with. So that's instead of doing your market research on the neighborhood, you open up that Chitlin restaurant and you get no patrons because of the fact that they don't want Chitlin. The people who want Chitlins are across town. And instead of going and getting a restaurant there, you wanna open up a restaurant in a place where everyone eats steak and despises Chitlins and then wanna put the blame and say they're pissing the customer pool because these people want steak and they don't wanna eat my Chitlins. And there's something wrong with these people instead of listening to the customer in which at this point they are right. Just like you are entitled to what you want, a man is entitled to what he wants, especially a man who has gone through all of these things to amass that type of wealth. He will feel like he should get what he wants just like you feel like you should get what you want. Problem is the thing that you think is valuable and in the eyes of other women is valuable and in your own eyes is valuable adds no value to a lot of these men. Why? Wouldn't you want an intelligent woman, a decreed woman who's traveled the world and has their own things? Well, these things would be valuable to the very men that you don't want. If that man was going to live off your money, then it would become valuable. Then your degrees and all these things that started the business or got you to the level of financial success that you have worked towards, if you have a man that's going to live off of that, that becomes valuable. But if the man is going to take care of all of the bills and you are going to continue to work because it makes you feel like you and you want your own sense of independence even though you are going into what is inherently a dependent state by marrying someone, meaning you both depend on each other for different things. And most certainly if you want him to take the responsibilities of paying for everything, what does your money have to gain him? What does your money have to gain him? Nothing. So while you think it's a big flex, it means nothing because you're still using this man's money and not your own. He's not benefiting from it at all. See a lot of women or this feminist movement, should I say, in order to feel good about themselves because they are very insecure, they will tell you and they will say men are intimidated by you. No, no, no, no. The men whose attention you are trying to get, they're not intimidated by you. What they are is perceptive, especially the way these women present themselves with that aggressive attitude, which by right, especially if you own your own business or entrepreneur or even going through the system and being promoted, right? There's a certain aggression that comes with that a lot of the time, but that's your program. And what that successful man financially is looking for is a woman that wants to get on his program. See where is the logical, see the difference? If you all entered into a serious relationship and leading to marriage, one of the things that he is going to see is there's going to be an issue because he wants you to help meet his program and you have your own program and it does not align with his program. And if it doesn't align with his program, why would he choose you? You become a deterrent from his program. Again, would that sound selfish? Well, he's entitled to that just like you're entitled to what you want. He's entitled to want what he wants. He's entitled to have his program just like you are. The problem is he doesn't want you and you want him. Matter of fact, you want to make it a prerequisite. When he doesn't need that, as a matter of fact, the woman working at the Piggly Wiggly that is fine as all get out is more well suited because she will probably maybe be willing to get on his program and that's what he desires. See, this is the problem when you're being told to ignore men and their wants and then you're perplexed when men don't want you because everything you think you're bringing to the table, you are the table of whatever it is means nothing to that man. He's not benefiting from your money and in terms of your degrees, what part of those degrees helps you give better head? Which one of those degrees makes that wolf pussy of yours wet or more moist? Now, that sounds very crass for certain people and men who have that aggressive nature, that primal nature, that ambition and all those other things and qualities that a lot of women say they're looking for, that is exactly what goes in their head. When it comes out of their mouth, it may sound more polished but in the back of their mind, if your degree doesn't give you a better sexual performance in bed, see how it is, I can clean it up but that primal is saying that degree didn't teach you how to give head and it ain't gonna make that pussy wetter. So again, while it is a great accomplishment for you, it does nothing for that man. Well, there are what you call sapiosexuals. There are people who are highly turned on by intelligence. I like an intelligent woman. There are a lot of men who don't and even for the sapiosexuals, even for the men that like women who are intelligent, it is the physical sexual attraction that they're going to see first. That's the doorway in. This is what they're thinking about first. First, not the only. And this is where the issue becomes more apparent. The gateway in is a physical and sexual attraction. Let's open up the door. If you are not physically or sexually appealing to that man, they don't open the door to find out if you have a good personality or intelligence or any of these other things. A lot of the time we're just meeting them, initially. Now, here's the common mistake as well. That is not the only thing. Once you've gotten in and you start and it's great sex and all this kind of thing, after a while, that gets to be complacent. Then the man starts to think, well, what else you got? Sex is great. And I call you whenever I want to get my dick wet every once in a while. That doesn't mean I have to marry you. That doesn't even mean I have to enter into a relationship with you. And with the brilliance, I'm saying that sarcastically, a feminism and the no slut shaming initiative and all these other silly ass things, it has just made it exponentially easier to get pussy. So if you don't want to comply with Takuchi, there are plenty of women around who will because again, no slut shaming. So where the man haters wanted you to be not beneficial for a man, it made it exponentially more beneficial for a man to not enter into a relationship with you because they can readily find it anywhere. They can go out of their house and women are half naked and that's a visual satisfaction. And then women are looser. So it takes less of a barrier to get to the Gucci, which means the doors are even more wide open. But this is what happened when you have feminist ideals. Because it's a feminist idea, it's not well thought out. It's emotion based. So in its conclusion, it works against itself. Just like in its conclusion, you think it's all about you and all about your fantasy of a man that you want to have. Even if you see them and the fact that you can date some of them, you run into an issue when it comes to marriage because these men will beat it up as long as you open it up. That doesn't mean they're gonna wife you and lock it up. So now they go to what's next. We've been in this situation and it's been good sexually and they're looking for what's next. That's when your intelligence can come into play. But also what a man does want is compliance. You may not like saying obey or whatever, but you need to be able to follow him. I'm gonna say obey because that used to be in vows. I don't know if they're in the vows now, but there's a reason why that was there. They want to compliance. And that ranks higher than your intelligence. Well, that ranks higher than your education. So the degrees still comes below that because you can be smart and just as unruly and undesirable and argumentative and refusing to follow. And again, you are causing disruption to his program. These men and most men don't want to sign up for that. So all of these things that the feminists hold in high regard are things that men directly are against. They don't want. And so you have all of these beautiful, well-educated, well-versed, traveled women. And women say, you are a cat and you are not a cat for him because he doesn't care about any of that. He wants you to be beautiful. He wants that beautiful body. He wants then compliance, a willingness to get on his program, to be a help meet. He's looking for a help meet. Not someone just hanging around, got their own program going and is detracting and not even helping him get to where he's going. He can do that by himself and not have the pool in the other direction that you're going. See why you don't qualify. It's not because you're not beautiful. It's not because you're not intelligent. It just doesn't help. And you get into these personality traits and this man is going out all day and he's fighting the world to get his peace of it. And then he has to come home and fight with you. You don't know how to cook clean, do a damn thing, but sit around and spend his money. That is not ideal for the type of man that you are looking for. That's why when you think and you want to get into your bag with a flex, talking about get on your level, you're not on his level. You're not seeing eye to eye. The level you are on is the level where you get someone who wants to use your resources and be on your program and be that beta male. And here's the other conundrum that feminists in their infinite lack of logic do not consider. The man that you would qualify under those guys is not the man that you want, but he is the man that will be more comfortable in a long-term situation. But because he's not the man that you want, that beta male is not going to satisfy you. So the man that you want, you're too unruly to be with and the man that you can get is not the man that you want or respect. Which means when you are reared with this feminist, independent mindset is geared towards you being independent. And so when they used to say buy a dog and live alone, that's what they're talking about because you don't fit anywhere in the male zeitgeist that will satisfy you. So either keep going around in circles or buy a dog that you can control and die alone. I saw one woman say, well, some of these men are gonna die alone too. Again, he put the idea, go in one ear, wrap it up in feminism, dumb shit comes out. This woman thought if she was saying something, it was a flex, it was not. Because again, if this man is what you desire and other people desire, he will have a run of sexual encounters, which he doesn't have to worry about half of his money being taken, which he doesn't have to worry about coming home to an argumentative, uncooperative woman, which he can have his fun time and get occasional companionship from. You can technically say that's dying alone or you can technically say it's just having a rotation. And for a lot of men these days because feminists have become so unbelievably unattractive, modern feminists, that sounds like heaven. Now streaming on the King B's Raw Fusion podcast. Witnesses say that before the child disappeared, a car matching the description of Tigger's Now, a strange wife's car's description was in the area. After that, no one has supposedly seen that child again. Marcellus Wiley's wife was on the real households of one of them cities. You don't invite that into your legacy like that. Don't miss a minute of King B's Raw Fusion. Make sure you subscribe for free to King B's Raw Fusion podcast, wherever you get your podcasts.